{
  "0": " Solar energy is radiant light and heat from the Sun that is harnessed using a range of technologies such as solar power to generate electricity, solar thermal energy, and solar architecture. Solar thermal energy (including solar water heating) can be used to heat homes and homes. Solar architecture is a form of solar architecture that harnesses solar energy.  It is an essential source of renewable energy, and its technologies are broadly characterized as either passive solar or active solar. It is defined as either active solar or passive solar depending on how they capture and distribute solar energy or convert it into solar power. Solar power is a key source of solar energy in the United States.  Active solar techniques include the use of photovoltaic systems, concentrated solar power, and solar water heating to harness the energy. Solar water heating can also be used to harness solar power in a solar power plant. Solar power can be used in the homes of people in the UK and Australia.  Passive solar techniques include orienting a building to the Sun, selecting materials with favorable thermal mass or light-dispersing properties. Designing spaces that naturally circulate air is a key part of the passive solar design, according to the U.S. Department of Energy.  In 2011, the International Energy Agency said that the development of affordable, inexhaustible and clean solar energy technologies will have huge longer-term benefits. In 2011 the IAEA said that developing solar energy technology will have \"huge\u00a0benefits\u00a0longer-term\" benefits.  It will increase countries' energy security through reliance on an indigenous, inexhaustible, and mostly import-independent resource. It will enhance sustainability, reduce pollution and reduce pollution, reduce the costs of mitigating global warming. \"These advantages are global\", says the author of the book.  The Earth receives 174 petawatts (PW) of incoming solar radiation (insolation) at the upper atmosphere. The Earth gets 174 petwatts of solar radiation from the Earth's upper atmosphere at the mid-section of the Earth. The solar radiation at upper atmosphere is the second largest solar radiation in the world.  Approximately 30% is reflected back to space while the rest, 122 PW, is absorbed by clouds, oceans and land masses. The majority of the 122 PW is reflected by clouds and oceans, but only 30% reflects back into space. The most of 122 PW reflects back to Earth, with the rest absorbed into clouds.  The spectrum of solar light at the Earth's surface is mostly spread across the visible and near-infrared ranges with a small part in the near-ultraviolet. The spectrum is spread across a range of ranges from visible to near infrared to near-near-ultra-violet.  Most of the world's population live in areas with insolation levels of 150\u2013300 watts/m2, or 3.5\u20137.0 kWh/M2 per day. Solar radiation is absorbed by the Earth's land surface, oceans \u2013 which cover about 71% \u2013 and atmosphere.  Warm air containing evaporated water from the oceans rises, causing atmospheric circulation or convection. Warm air with evaporated ocean water causes convection or circulation or circulation of the oceanic air to rise, causing convection, or circulation, to rise in the air above the surface.  When the air reaches a high altitude, where the temperature is low, water vapor condenses into clouds, which rain onto the Earth's surface. The water cycle completes the water cycle when clouds condense into clouds and rain on the Earth, completing the cycle of water.  The latent heat of water condensation amplifies convection, producing atmospheric phenomena such as wind, cyclones and anticyclones. Water condensation is a sign that convection can amplify convection in the air, producing wind and rain in the form of rain.  Sunlight absorbed by the oceans and land masses keeps the surface at an average temperature of 14 \u00b0C. The surface of the Antarctic Ocean is covered in ice and snow. The Antarctic Ocean has an average of 14\u00b0C surface temperature of around 14\u00b0F. The Arctic Ocean has a temperature of about 15\u00b0C in Antarctica.  The total solar energy absorbed by Earth's atmosphere, oceans and land masses is approximately 122 PW\u00b7year = 3,850,000 exajoules (EJ) per year. By photosynthesis, green plants convert solar energy into chemically stored energy, which produces food, wood and biomass from which fossil fuels are derived.  In 2002 (2019) this was more energy in one hour (one hour and 25 minutes) than the world used in one year. In 2002, energy in an hour more energy was used than in the world's energy year. This was the energy used in the year of 2002, when the world was using more energy. Photosynthesis captures approximately 3,000 EJ per year in biomass. Photosynthesis captures about 3,00 EJ a year in the form of photosynthesis. The majority of the EJ is produced by photosynthesis, but the majority of this year\u2019s photosynthesis is made of solar cells.  The potential solar energy that could be used by humans differs from the amount of solar energy present near the surface of the planet. Factors such as geography, time variation, cloud cover, and the land available to humans limit the energy that we can acquire, such as time variation and cloud cover.  Carbon Tracker Initiative estimated the land area needed to generate all our energy from solar alone was 450,000 km2 in 2021. That's about the same as the area of Sweden, Morocco, Morocco or California (0.3% of the Earth's total land area)  All renewable energies, other than Geothermal power and Tidal power, derive their energy either directly or indirectly from the Sun. Solar energy refers primarily to the use of solar radiation for practical ends. All renewable energy, including Geothermal energy, derives their energy from the sun.  Active solar techniques use photovoltaics, concentrated solar power, solar thermal collectors, pumps, and fans to convert sunlight into useful output. Photovoltaic techniques include fans, fans, thermal collectors and pumps to convert solar energy into useful outputs. Active solar energy is a form of renewable energy that converts sunlight into energy.  Passive solar techniques include selecting materials with favorable thermal properties, designing spaces that naturally circulate air, and referencing the position of a building to the Sun. Building's position of building to Sun can be referenced to reflect the solar position of the building to solar power systems, according to the technique.  Active solar technologies increase the supply of energy and are considered supply side technologies. Passive solar technologies reduce the need for alternate resources and are generally considered demand-side technologies. In 2000, the UN published an estimate of the potential solar energy that could be used by humans each year that took into account factors such as insolation, cloud cover, and land that is usable by humans.  The estimate found that solar energy has a global potential of 1,600 to 49,800 exajoules (4.4\u00d71014 to 1.4\u2033 kWh) per year (see table below) Solar energy could be used to generate up to 49K per year.  Solar thermal technologies can be used for water heating, space heating and space cooling. They can also be used in process heat generation and process heating. Solar thermal technology can be applied to process process heat and water heating. It can be also used for process heating and process cooling.  In 1878, Augustin Mouchot successfully demonstrated a solar steam engine at the Universal Exposition in Paris, but could not continue development because of cheap coal and other factors. Early commercial adaptation of solar steam engines was commercialized in the 1930s and 1940s.  Frank Shuman, a US inventor, built a small demonstration solar engine that worked by reflecting solar energy onto boxes filled with ether, which has a lower boiling point than water. The engine was fitted with black pipes which in turn powered a steam engine. Shuman built the engine in 1897.  In 1908 Shuman formed the Sun Power Company with the intent of building larger solar power plants. The Sun Power company was founded by Shuman in 1908. Shuman's company was intended to build larger solar plants in the U.S. Shuman started the company with the intention of expanding solar power facilities.  He, along with his technical advisor A.S.E.\u00a0E.M. was awarded the Nobel Prize for the creation of the first atomic bomb in 1945. He died in a helicopter crash at the hands of Soviet Union leader Vladimir Putin in 1991. He was killed in the aftermath of the collapse of the Second World War II.  Ackermann and British physicist Sir Charles Vernon Boys developed an improved system using mirrors to reflect solar energy upon collector boxes. The system increased heating capacity to the extent that water could now be used instead of ether. The new system was developed in the 1930s and 1940s.  Shuman then constructed a full-scale steam engine powered by low-pressure water, enabling him to patent the entire solar engine system by 1912. Shuman's steam engine was powered by water, and he patented the solar engine in 1912. He then built a steam engine capable of turning a solar engine into a steam steam engine.  Shuman built the world's first solar thermal power station in Maadi, Egypt, between 1912 and 1913. He built the power station between 1912- 1913. It was the first of its kind in Egypt and was built by Shuman in 1912-1913. Shuman was also known as the inventor of the first solar-thertheral power station.  His plant used parabolic troughs to power a 45\u201352 kilowatts (60\u201370 hp) engine that pumped more than 22,000 litres (4,800 imp gal; 5,800 US gal) of water per minute from the Nile River to adjacent cotton fields.  World War I and the discovery of cheap oil in the 1930s discouraged the advancement of solar energy. Shuman's vision, and basic design, were resurrected in the 1970s with a new wave of interest in solar thermal energy. Solar thermal energy was first developed in the 1920s and 1930s.  In 1916 Shuman was quoted in the media advocating solar energy's utilization, saying: \"After our stores of oil and coal are exhausted the human race can receive unlimited power from the rays of the Sun\" Shuman: \"We have proved the commercial profit of sun power in the tropics\"  Solar hot water systems use sunlight to heat water. Water heating is a solar heating system. Solar water heating systems use solar heat to heat solar hot water water. Solar heating systems also use solar panels to heat the water in the sun. Solar panels can also be used to heat hot water in homes.  60 to 70% of domestic hot water use, with water temperatures up to 60 \u00b0C (140 \u00b0F), can be provided by solar heating systems. In middle geographical latitudes (between 40 degrees north and 40 degrees south), 60% of the domestic use of hot water can be used by solar heaters.  The most common types of solar water heaters are evacuated tube collectors (44%) and glazed flat plate collectors (34%) generally used for domestic hot water; and unglazed plastic collectors (21%) used mainly to heat swimming pools. China is the world leader in their deployment with 309 GWth installed, taken up 71% of the market.  Israel and Cyprus are the per capita leaders in the use of solar hot water systems with over 90% of homes using them. Over 90% homes in both countries are using solar water systems. Israel and Cypriot have the highest number of homes in the world with 90% using the system.  In the United States, Canada, and Australia, heating swimming pools is the dominant application of solar hot water with an installed capacity of 18 GWth as of 2005. In the U.S., Canada, Australia, and Canada, the majority of the water use is heated by solar heating pools.  In the United States, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems account for 30% (4.65 EJ/yr) of the energy used in commercial buildings and nearly 50% (10.1 EJ /yr) in residential buildings.  Solar heating, cooling and ventilation technologies can be used to offset a portion of this energy. Solar heating and cooling technologies can also be used as a way to offset some of the energy generated by solar heating, ventilation and solar heating systems. The solar heating and ventilation systems can be adapted to meet the needs of solar energy.  Use of solar for heating can roughly be divided into passive solar concepts and active solar concepts, depending on whether active elements such as sun tracking and solar concentrator optics are used. Solar heating can be classified as passive solar or active solar, depending upon the use of sun tracking or solar concentrators.  Thermal mass is any material that can be used to store heat from the Sun in the case of solar energy. Heat from solar energy can be stored in the form of thermal mass. Heat is stored in a material that could be used for solar energy storage. Solar energy can also be used in solar panels and solar panels.  Common thermal mass materials include stone, cement, and water. Stone, cement and water can be used to create thermal mass. Water can also be used as a source of heat to create heat from the heat of the day. Stone and cement are common materials used to make heat waves.  Historically they have been used in arid climates or warm temperate regions to keep buildings cool by absorbing solar energy during the day and radiating stored heat to the cooler atmosphere at night. They have also been used to keep the heat of buildings cool in the arid climate.  However, they can be used in cold temperate areas to maintain warmth as well. They can also be used to keep warm in the cold temperal areas of the world. They are also used to maintain warm weather in the UK. They have been used in the past to maintain heat in the winter months.  The size and placement of thermal mass depend on several factors such as climate, daylighting, and shading conditions. The size of the thermal mass depends on climate and daylighting conditions such as daylighting and shade conditions. Thermal mass is placed in the shape of a building or a structure.  A solar chimney (or thermal chimney) is a passive solar ventilation system. It is composed of a vertical shaft connecting the interior and exterior of a building. Thermal mass maintains space temperatures in a comfortable range and reduces the need for auxiliary heating and cooling equipment. When incorporated, thermal mass maintains.  As the chimney warms, the air inside is heated, causing an updraft that pulls air through the building. The chimney's chimney is heated causing the updraft to pull air inside the building through the air. The updraft is the result of the heated chimney heating causing the air to be pulled through the roof.  Performance can be improved by using glazing and thermal mass materials in a way that mimics greenhouses. Thermal mass materials can be used to mimic greenhouses in a manner similar to those of greenhouses. Performance can also be improved using glazed and thermal materials that mimic the environment of a greenhouse.  Deciduous trees and plants have been promoted as a means of controlling solar heating and cooling. Trees and plants can be used as a way to control solar heating in the city of cities such as New York and Washington, DC, as well as other parts of the country.  When planted on the southern side of a building in the northern hemisphere or the northern side in the southern hemisphere, their leaves provide shade during the summer. The bare limbs allow light to pass during the winter, while the bare limbs let light pass in the winter. When planted in the  northern hemisphere, the leaves provide a shade of shade.  Since bare, leafless trees have fallen from the trees in recent days. The trees have been left bare and leafless since the fall of the Great Depression. The world has been left in a state of mourning, mourning and mourning for the fallen trees. The dead trees are seen as a symbol of hope and hope for the future. ",
  "1": " George Washington served as the first president of the United States from 1789 to 1797. He died December 14, 1799. Washington was a military officer, statesman, and Founding Father. He was born February 22, 1732, in New York, New York.  Washington was appointed by the Second Continental Congress as commander of the Continental Army in June 1775. He led Patriot forces to victory in the American Revolutionary War and then served as president of the Constitutional Convention in 1787. Washington was president of Convention that drafted and ratified the Constitution of the United States.  Washington has thus been called the \"Father of his Country\" Washington has also been called \"the Father of his country\" Washington was born in 1841. He was born of African-American parents; his father was born from African-Americans; his mother died in 1918. His father was assassinated in 1918 in Washington, D.C.  Washington's first public office, from 1749 to 1750, was as surveyor of Culpeper County in the Colony of Virginia. Washington was a surveyor from 1750-1749. He was the first person to hold a public office in the colony.  He was assigned command of the Virginia Regiment during the French and Indian War. He subsequently received military training and received command training. He served in the Army in the 18th and 17th century. He died in 18th Century of his native Virginia. He was awarded a posthumous award for his bravery.  He was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army. He was later elected to the Virginia House of Burgesses. He served as a delegate to the Continental Congress in Philadelphia, which appointed him to be a commander of the army. He also served in the Virginia Senate of 17th century.  Washington led American forces to a decisive victory over the British in the Revolutionary War. The British signed the Treaty of Paris, which acknowledged the sovereignty and independence of the United States. Washington's victory in the war led the British to accept the sovereignty of the U.S.  He resigned his commission in 1783 after the conclusion of the Revolutionary War. He was a member of the British Army of the 17th century. He served in the Navy from 1783 to 1788. He died in 1841. He is one of the most prominent members of the Continental Army to have died in service.  Washington played an indispensable role in adopting and ratifying the Constitution, which replaced the Articles of Confederation in 1789. Washington played a key role in ratifying and adopting the Constitution. Washington's role was to ratify the Constitution of 1789, which was ratified by 1788.  He was then twice elected president by the Electoral College unanimously. The Electoral College voted unanimously for him to be elected president twice. He was elected president of the United States twice in the 1990s and 2000s. He won the presidency of the U.S. House of Representatives in 1996 and 1997.  As the first U.S. president, Washington implemented a strong, well-financed national government. Washington was impartial in a fierce rivalry between Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton. Washington became the first president of the United States in 1777. Washington's government was well-funded and well-organized.  During the French Revolution, he proclaimed a policy of neutrality while sanctioning the Jay Treaty. He declared neutrality in France during the French revolution. He also sanctioned the Jay treaty, which he signed in 1717. He was a member of the Royal Family of the First Hundred Hundred years.  He set enduring precedents for the office of president, including use of the title \"Mr. President\" and the two-term tradition. He was the first president of the United States to hold office in office. He also set a two-year tradition of presidential office.  His farewell address became a preeminent statement on republicanism in which he wrote about the importance of national unity and the dangers regionalism, partisanship, and foreign influence pose to it. His 1796 farewell address was the most famous statement of republicanism. He wrote that regionalism and partisanship pose to national unity.  Washington has been memorialized by monuments, a federal holiday, various media depictions, and geographical locations including the national capital, the State of Washington, stamps, and currency. Washington is the nation's capital, Washington State, the state, and the state of Washington. Washington State is the largest state in the United States.  He is ranked among the greatest U.S. presidents. He was ranked in the U.N. list of the greatest presidents in history. He is also ranked in a long list of America's greatest men. He has been named one of the world's most successful presidents.  In 1976, Washington was posthumously promoted to the rank of General of the Armies, the highest rank in the U.S. Army. Washington died in 1966 at the age of 92. He was awarded a posthumous title to General of The Armies in 1976.  His legacy has become increasingly controversial over time, however, as a result of his ownership of slaves and his relationship with slavery. His relationship with slaves has also become controversial over the years, as well as his own ownership of slave slaves. His legacy is increasingly controversial, as he owns slaves and has become more controversial.  His reputation has also been complicated in modern discourse by his policy of assimilating Native Americans into Anglo-American culture and waging war against indigenous peoples during the Revolutionary War and the Northwest Indian War. His historical reputation is complicated by the fact that he fought to assimilate Native Americans.  George Washington was born on February 22, 1732, at Popes Creek in Westmoreland County, Virginia. He was born in 1732 and died in 1752. Washington was the first president of the Revolutionary War in Washington, D.C. and the first lady of the U.S.  He was the first of six children of Augustine and Mary Ball Washington. He was born in Washington, D.C. He was married to Augustine Ball Washington and had six children. He is the first son of George W.S. Ball Washington, who died in 1918, and his wife died in 1915.  His father was a justice of the peace and a prominent public figure who had four additional children from his first marriage to Jane Butler. He had four more children with his first wife, Jane Butler, from whom he had four other children. His father is a former justice of peace and public figure.  The family moved to Little Hunting Creek in 1734 before eventually settling in Ferry Farm near Fredericksburg, Virginia. The family also moved to Ferry Farm in 1741 and later settled in the state of Virginia. In 1734, the family was moved to a farm in Little Hunting Cattock Creek.  Augustine died in 1743, Washington inherited Ferry Farm and ten slaves. His older half-brother Lawrence inherited Little Hunting Creek and renamed Mount Vernon. Washington did not have formal education at Appleby Grammar School in England, but he did attend the Lower Church School in Hartfield.  He learned mathematics, trigonometry, and land surveying, and became a talented draftsman and mapmaker. He was born in New York City, New York, and died in 1918. He is credited with helping to build the city of New York in the early 1900s.  By early adulthood, he was writing with \"considerable force\" and \"precision\" by writing with precision. He was also writing with force and precision in his early adulthood. In his early childhood, he wrote with force, precision and force of writing. He died at the age of 92 in his native New Zealand.  Washington compiled Rules of Civility and Decent Behaviour in Company and Conversation. The rules were copied from an English translation of a French book of manners. Washington often visited Mount Vernon and Belvoir, the plantation of William Fairfax, William Fairfax's father-in-law.  Washington spent a month surveying Fairfax's Shenandoah Valley property in 1748. Fairfax became Washington's patron and surrogate father. Washington spent time surveying the property. Washington's father became a friend of Washington's in the 17th century. Fairfax died in 1749.  The following year, he received a surveyor's license from the College of William & Mary. He received the license in 2010. He was awarded the following year. He also received a surveying license from William and Mary College in 2012. He died in 2010 at the age of 92.  Even though Washington had not served the customary apprenticeship, Fairfax appointed him surveyor of Culpeper County, Virginia, in 1749. Washington took his oath of office July 20, 1749, taking his oath in the state of Virginia. Washington was the first president of the 17th century.  He resigned from the job in 1750, but continued to do surveys west of the Blue Ridge Mountains. He subsequently familiarized himself with the frontier region, and though he resigned, he continued to survey the area. He was one of the most prominent surveyors of the frontier.  In 1751, Washington accompanied Lawrence to Barbados, hoping the climate would cure his brother's tuberculosis. In 1752, he had bought almost 1,500 acres (600 ha) in the Valley and owned 2,315 acres (937 ha) by 1752.  Washington contracted smallpox during that trip, which left his face slightly scarred. Washington's face was scarred after contracting smallpox. Washington died of smallpox on his trip to Africa in 1953. Washington was hospitalized with smallpox, which scarred his face in the aftermath of that trip.  Washington leased Mount Vernon from his widow Anne. He inherited it outright after her death in 1761. Washington died in 1752, and Washington inherited it from Anne's widow. Washington inherited Mount Vernon after his widow died in the 17th year of her death at Mount Vernon.  Lawrence Washington's service as adjutant general of the Virginia militia inspired George to seek a commission. George sought a commission from Lawrence Washington in 1752-1758. George Washington was the son of Lawrence Washington, who died in 1758. He was the first president of the American Revolution in the 17th century.  Virginia's lieutenant governor appointed Washington as a major and commander of one of the four militia districts. Washington is a major in one of Virginia's militia districts, according to Dinwiddie. Washington was appointed by the lieutenant governor of Virginia to lead a militia district in Virginia.  The British and French were competing for control of the Ohio Valley. Dinwiddie appointed Washington as a special envoy in October 1753. The British were constructing forts along the Ohio River and the French between the Ohio river and Lake Erie. Washington was appointed as an envoy to Dinwidie.  He had sent Washington to demand French forces to vacate land that was claimed by the British. He also demanded French forces vacate British land that had been claimed by France. Washington sent Washington back to France in order to get the land vacated by British forces. Washington ordered Washington to remove French forces from the land.  Washington was appointed to make peace with the Iroquois Confederacy and gather intelligence about the French forces. Washington was also appointed to gather intelligence on French forces in order to gather further intelligence. Washington also appointed as a peacemaker for the French, and to gather more intelligence on the French.  Washington met with Half-King Tanacharison, and other Iroquois chiefs, at Logstown. Washington gathered information about the numbers and locations of the French forts, as well as intelligence concerning individuals taken prisoner by the French. Washington also gathered information on the number of French fortresses and prisoners.  Washington was nicknamed Conotocaurius by Tanacharison. Washington's nickname was given to the city of Washington in 1903. Washington was the first city to be named Washington. Washington is now the world's largest city in the United States and has a population of 4,000 people.  The name, meaning \"devourer of villages\", had been given to his great-grandfather John Washington in the late 17th century by the Susquehannock. Washington's party reached the Ohio River in November 1753, and was intercepted by a French patrol.  The party was escorted to Fort Le Boeuf, where Washington was received in a friendly manner. Washington was greeted by a friendly military escort. Washington received a friendly welcome from the French troops. Washington died in 1841 at the hands of General Sherman, President of the United States.  He delivered the British demand to vacate to the French commander Saint-Pierre, but the French refused to leave. The French were too reluctant to leave, and the British refused to do so. The Battle of the Crimea was the first major British victory in the Crimean War in the 19th century.  Saint-Pierre gave Washington his official answer after a few days of delay. He also gave the French president food and winter clothing for his party's journey back to Virginia. The French president's party returned to France on the way back to the U.S. after a week of travel.  Washington completed the precarious mission in 77 days, in difficult winter conditions. The mission achieved a measure of distinction when his report was published in Virginia and London. Washington's mission was published by London and Virginia, and the United States, in Virginia, London and Washington, D.C.  In February 1754, Dinwiddie promoted Washington to lieutenant colonel and second-in-command of the 300-strong Virginia Regiment. Washington had orders to confront French forces at the Forks of the Ohio. Washington was promoted as lieutenant colonel in 1754. He was second in command of the Virginia Regiment, with orders to face French forces.  Washington set out with half the regiment in April and soon learned a French force of 1,000 had begun construction of Fort Duquesne there. Washington learned that the French force had begun building a French fort in the area. Washington went to the site in April, but soon learned of the construction of the fort.  In May, having set up a defensive position at Great Meadows, he learned that the French had made camp seven miles (11 km) away. Washington advanced on May 28 with a small force of Virginians and Indian allies to ambush them. The French detachment proved to be only about 50 men, so Washington advanced.  During the ambush, French forces were killed outright with muskets and hatchets, including French commander Joseph Coulon de Jumonville, who had been carrying a diplomatic message for the British. The ambush was the first time British forces had been ambushed by the French forces.  The full Virginia Regiment joined Washington at Fort Necessity the following month with news that he had been promoted to command of the regiment and colonel upon the regimental commander's death. The French later found their countrymen dead and scalped, blaming Washington for their deaths.  The regiment was reinforced by an independent company of a hundred South Carolinians led by Captain James Mackay. Mackay's royal commission outranked Washington's and a conflict of command ensued. The company was reinforced with a company of 100 South Carolines led by Mackay, who led the South Carolinian company.  On July 3, a French force attacked with 900 men, and the ensuing battle ended in Washington's surrender. Washington surrendered to the French on July 3. Washington's defeat was the first major defeat since the Battle of Gettysburg in 18th century. Washington was defeated by the French in the battle.  Colonel James Innes took command of intercolonial forces, the Virginia Regiment was divided, and Washington was offered a captaincy in one of the newly formed regiments. Washington signed a surrender document in which he unwittingly took responsibility for \"assassinating\" Jumonville, later blaming the translator for not properly translating it.  He refused, however, as it would have been a demotion and instead resigned his commission. He refused to be demoted, instead resigning his commission as a result of the demotion. He said he would not have been demoted if he was demoted.  The \"Jumonville affair\" became the incident which ignited the French and Indian War, later to become part of the Seven Years' War. The incident became the first major incident to ignite the war in France and India. The affair was the first time the war was started in France in 17th century.  In 1755, Washington served as an aide to General Edward Braddock, who led a British expedition to expel the French from Fort Duquesne and the Ohio Country. Washington served voluntarily as a British aide to Braddock in 1755. Washington died in 1881.  On Washington's recommendation, Braddock split the army into one main column and a lightly equipped \"flying column\" Braddock divided his army into two main columns and one lightly equipped flying column. Braddock's army was divided into two separate columns, one main and one \"flying\" column.  The French and their Indian allies ambushed the divided army at Monongahela. Washington was left behind, suffering from severe dysentery. He rejoined Braddock when he rejoined him in the battle. The French ambushed Braddock's army in June 18th, 18th and 18th.  Two-thirds of the British force became casualties, including the mortally wounded Braddock. Braddock was killed in the Battle of Gettysburg in June 18, 1818. The battle was the first major British victory since the First Battle of the Crimean War in 1881.  Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Gage, Washington, still very ill, rallied the survivors and formed a rear guard, allowing the remnants of the force to disengage and retreat. During the battle, Washington was still ill, but survived. The remnants of Washington's force were forced to retreat. ",
  "2": " The sport of cricket has a known history beginning in the late 16th century England. Cricket has a history of its origins in England. The sport is known as cricket cricket and has a long history of playing cricket. Cricket is a popular form of cricket in England and England.  It became an established sport in the country in the 18th century and developed globally in the 19th and 20th centuries. It was established in the UK in the early 1800s and has been developed globally since then. It is now an established international sport in Australia and Canada.  International cricket matches have been played since the 19th-century. formal Test cricket matches are considered to date from 1877. Test cricket is the oldest form of international cricket. International Test cricket has been played in the world since 1877 and is now considered the oldest Test cricket.  Cricket is the world's second most popular spectator sport after association football (soccer) Cricket is governed by the International Cricket Council (ICC), which has over one hundred countries and territories in membership. Only twelve countries currently play Test cricket, although only twelve currently play one Test cricket.  The game's rules are defined in the \"Laws of cricket\" The rules of cricket are defined as cricket's rules in \"The Laws of Cricket\" The game is based on cricket's laws, and is defined in \"the laws of cricket\", and is known as cricket cricket.  The game has various formats, ranging from T-10(Ten-10) played in around 90 minutes to Test matches which can last up to five days. Test matches can last as long as five days and can last longer than 90 minutes. The game is played in 90 minutes, with 90 minutes of each being played in a 90-minute period.  Early cricket was created during Saxon or Norman times by children living in the Weald. The Weald is an area of dense woodlands and clearings in south-east England that lies across Kent and Sussex. It was created by children in Saxon and Norman times.  The first definite written reference is from the end of the 16th century. The first written reference to the site is from 16th Century. It is thought to have been in existence in the early 1600s and 1800s. The site is believed to be the site of the first Roman settlement in France.  There have been several speculations about the game's origins, including some that it was created in France or Flanders. There have also been speculations that it may have been created in Flanders or France. The game was released in 1996 and is currently being released worldwide.  The earliest of these speculative references is from 1300 and concerns the future King Edward II playing at \"creag and other games\" in both Westminster and Newenden. The future King of England is said to have been playing at games in Westminster and other parts of the country.  It has been suggested that \"creag\" was an Old English word for cricket, but expert opinion is that it was an early spelling of \"craic\", meaning \"fun and games in general\" cricket survived as a children's game for many generations before it was increasingly taken up by adults around the beginning of the 17th century.  Possibly cricket was derived from bowls, assuming bowls is the older sport, by the intervention of a batsman trying to stop the ball from reaching its target by hitting it away. Cricket may have been derived from bowlers trying to keep the ball away from reaching the target.  Playing on sheep-grazed land or in clearings, the original implements may have been a matted lump of sheep's wool (or even a stone or a small lump of wood) as the ball; a stick or a crook or crook as the bat; and a stool or a tree stump as the wicket.  In 1597 (Old Style \u2013 1598 New Style) a court case in England concerning an ownership dispute over a plot of common land in Guildford, Surrey, mentions the game of creckett. The game is the first definite reference in the English court case.  A 59-year-old coroner, John Derrick, testified that he and his school friends had played creckett on the site fifty years earlier when they attended the Free School. John Derrick said he had played on the same site when he was at Free School in the 1960s.  Derrick's account proves beyond reasonable doubt that the game was being played in Surrey circa 1550. It is the earliest universally accepted reference to the game. The first reference to cricket being played as an adult sport was in 1611. Two men in Sussex were prosecuted for playing cricket on Sunday instead of going to church.  In the same year, a dictionary defined cricket as a boys' game, and this suggests that adult participation was a recent development. Adult participation in cricket was a relatively recent development, according to a dictionary definition of the game in which it was defined as a boy's game.  A number of words are thought to be possible sources for the term \"cricket\" The word is thought to have been used in the name of cricket. The word cricket is used to refer to a cricket team or a team in the cricket world. The cricket team is the most successful cricket club in the world.  In the earliest definite reference, it was spelled creckett. In the early 1900s, it is still spelled 'creckett' and 'corkett' in the name of a man or a woman. It is also spelled \"crecket\" and \"corket\" in modern times.  The name may have been derived from the Middle Dutch krick(-e), meaning a stick, or the Old English cricc or cryce meaning a crutch or staff. Criquet means a wooden post, or a wooden crutch, in French or Old English.  Middle Dutch word krickstoel means a long low stool used for kneeling in church. This resembles the long low wicket with two stumps used in early cricket. This resembled the wicket wicket used in cricket in the early 20th century. Middle Dutch means a low-kicked stool used to kneel in a church.  \"Cricket\" derives from Middle Dutch phrase for hockey, met de (krik ket)sen (i.e., \"with the stick chase\") It is more likely that the terminology of cricket was based on words in use in south-east England at the time.  After the Civil War ended in 1648, the Puritan government clamped down on \"unlawful assemblies\" in particular the more raucous sports such as football. The Commonwealth was founded in 1666. The new Puritan\u00a0government\u00a0clamped\u00a0downed\u00a0on\u00a0the more\u00a0raucous\u00a0sports\u00a0such\u00a0as football.  Their laws demanded a stricter observance of the Sabbath than there had been previously. Their laws also demanded a strict Sabbath observance. The Sabbath was also demanded by the Jewish community. The laws demanded that the Sabbath be observed only once a week. The Jewish community's laws were stricter than those of previous generations.  As the Sabbath was the only free time available to the lower classes, cricket's popularity may have waned during the Commonwealth. Cricket's popularity in the Commonwealth may have been due to the Sabbath being the only time available for the lower class to play cricket in England and Wales.  However, it did flourish in public fee-paying schools such as Winchester and St Paul's. It was found to flourish in fees-paying public schools like St Pauls and Winchester. However, some of the children did not attend fee-free schools like Winchester and London's.  There is no actual evidence that Oliver Cromwell's regime banned cricket specifically. There are references to it during the interregnum that suggest it was acceptable to the authorities provided that it did not cause any \"breach of the Sabbath\" There is also no evidence that cricket was banned by the Cromwell regime.  The nobility adopted cricket at this time through involvement in village games. It is believed that the nobility in general adopted cricket through village games. Cricket is believed to have been introduced to the nobility by village games in the early 1800s. Cricket is a popular cricket game in England and Ireland.  Cricket thrived after the Restoration in 1660 and is believed to have first attracted gamblers making large bets at this time. Cricket is thought to have been the first to attract gamblers betting large bets. Cricket's first cricket match was held at the end of the 16th century in 17th century.  It is possible, as believed by some historians, that top-class matches began. It is also possible that some historians believe that top class matches were played in the early years of the 20th century. It was believed that the matches were the first to be played in a top class match.  In 1664, the \"Cavalier\" Parliament passed the Gaming Act 1664 which limited stakes to \u00a3100, although that was still a fortune at the time, equivalent to about \u00a316,000 in present-day terms. The Act was passed in 1664.  Cricket had become a significant gambling sport by the end of the 17th century. In 1697 a newspaper report of a \"great match\" played in Sussex which was 11-a-side and played for high stakes of 50 guineas a side. Freedom of the press had been granted in 1696, cricket for the first time could be reported in the newspapers.  It was a long time before the newspaper industry adapted sufficiently to provide frequent, let alone comprehensive, coverage of the game. But it was not until the 1930s that newspapers were able to provide regular and comprehensive coverage of football. The game was dominated by England in the early 1930s and early 1900s.  During the first half of the 18th century, press reports tended to focus on the betting rather than the play. Press reports tend to focus more on betting than on the play, rather than play, in the early years of the 19th century. The first half\u00a0century\u00a0of the\u00a018th century was the first time the newspapers had focused on a match in England.  The first \"county teams\" were formed in the aftermath of the Restoration in 1660, especially as members of the nobility were employing \"local experts\" from village cricket as the earliest professionals. The first patrons were patrons because some of the gamblers decided to strengthen their bets by forming their own teams.  The first known game in which the teams use county names is in 1709. The county names were used in the first known match in which county names are used in a cricket match. There can be little doubt that these sort of fixtures were being arranged long before that.  The match in 1697 was probably Sussex versus another county. The match may have been Sussex vs. another county. Sussex was probably the match of the 1697. Sussex may have played a match against another county in the same year. Sussex is probably the most likely county to have played in the match.  The most notable of the early patrons were a group of aristocrats and businessmen. The patrons were active from about 1725, perhaps as a result of their influence. Press coverage of the event became more regular, perhaps because of the patrons' influence. It is the time that press coverage of events began to become more regular.  These men included the 2nd Duke of Richmond, Sir William Gage, Alan Brodrick and Edwin Stead. These men were also known to include the Duke of London and Sir William of Richmond. They were also involved in the Second World War II, which ended in 1918.  For the first time, the press mentions individual players like Thomas Waymark. The press mentions players like Waymark in the press for first time. Waymark is the first player to be named in the news for a year in the U.S. history. The first time the press has mentioned Waymark as a player in a major news conference.  Cricket was introduced to North America via the English colonies in the 17th century. It was probably before it had even reached the north of England. Cricket expands beyond England in North America, with cricket in the U.S. now in the form of cricket in Australia and Canada.  In the 18th century it arrived in other parts of the globe. It arrived in Europe in 17th century and spread throughout the world. In 18th and 19th century, it was used in Europe and Asia as well as the Middle East. It has been used in many other European countries since then.  It was introduced to the West Indies by colonists and to the Indian subcontinent by East India Company mariners in the first half of the century. It was also introduced to India by the East Indian Company in the early 1900s and introduced by colonists in the West and India by mariners.  It arrived in Australia almost as soon as colonisation began in 1788. It was arrived in the country almost as early as 1788 and arrived in 1787. It arrived almost as well as Australia's first settlers in the 1788-1788 era. It is now Australia's oldest surviving European settlers.  Cricket never caught on in Canada, despite efforts by the upper class to promote the game as a way of identifying with the \"mother country\" New Zealand and South Africa followed in the early years of the 19th century. Canada's upper class tried to promote cricket in a bid to identify with the country.  Canada witnessed a continual decline in the popularity of the game during 1860 to 1960. Unlike Australia and the West Indies, Canada saw a steady decline in popularity of cricket during the period between 1860 and 1960. Australia and West Indies also saw a decline in cricket popularity during the same period.  Linked in the public consciousness to an upper-class sport, the game never became popular with the general public. Linked to the game, it was never popular among the public with the majority of the population. The game was played in the 1920s and 1930s, but was largely played in England.  In the summer season it had to compete with baseball in the summer. The summer season was the same time as the summer when it competed with baseball. The team won't be able to play baseball in summer because of its summer schedule. In summer, the team played in the same way as baseball in winter.  During the First World War, Canadian units stationed in France played baseball instead of cricket. Canadian units played baseball in France during the war. Baseball was played by Canadian soldiers stationed in the war's first World War in the 1920s and '1930s. Baseball is a popular baseball game in France.  It's not clear when the basic rules of cricket such as bat and ball, wicket, pitch dimensions, overs, etc. were developed. It is unclear when the rules were developed in cricket's development of the Laws. The rules are still not known when they were developed by cricket's governing body. were originally formulated. were originally formulated. Were originally formulated as a way to communicate with each other. Were originally formed as a group of people who want to be able to communicate. were first formulated.were originally formed. Were first formulated as part of a group that was formed in the early 1960s.  In 1728, the Duke of Richmond and Alan Brodick drew up Articles of Agreement to determine the code of practice in a particular game. In 1744, the Laws of Cricket were codified for the first time and then amended in 1774, when innovations such as lbw, middle stump and maximum bat width were added.  These laws stated that \"the principals shall choose from amongst the gentlemen present two umpires who shall absolutely decide all disputes\". These laws said that \"from amongst the\u00a0gentlemen present two\u00a0uncontrollable\u00a0two\u00a0umpires\u00a0must absolutely decide\u00a0all disputes\"  The codes were drawn up by the so-called \"Star and Garter Club\" whose members ultimately founded the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's in 1787. The code was used by members of the \"Star & Garter club\" who founded the club in 1788.  MCC immediately became the custodian of the Laws and has made periodic revisions and recodifications subsequently. The MCC has made\u00a0 periodic\u00a0rehabodifications\u00a0and\u00a0recodifications to the Laws. The Laws have since been updated by the MCC to reflect the changes made by MCC.  In 1751, Yorkshire is first mentioned as a venue for the first time in 1751. The game continued to spread throughout England, and Yorkshire was first mentioned in the 1751 record. Yorkshire was the first place in the history of the game in England, with the first mention of the first game being held in 1749.  The original form of bowling (i.e., rolling the ball along the ground as in bowls) was superseded sometime after 1760 when bowlers began to pitch the ball and study variations in line, length and pace. Bowlers also began to study variations of line and length in order to improve their bowling.  Scorecards began to be kept on a regular basis from 1772. The first famous clubs were London and Dartford in the early 18th century. Since then, an increasingly clear picture of the sport's development has emerged of the game's development. Scorescards have been kept since 1772; since then, a clear picture has emerged.  London played its matches on the Artillery Ground, which still exists. The Artillery ground is still used by the club, which played its first matches there. London played their first matches at the ground, which is now located in central London. It was the first club to play in the Football League, with the club's first match being played on the ground.  Slindon in Sussex was backed by the Duke of Richmond and featured the star player Richard Newland. Others followed, particularly Slindons in Sussex, which featured the player Newland in the 1920s. Others included Slindones in Sussex and Slindans in Sussex.  There were other prominent clubs at Maidenhead, Hornchurch, Maidstone, Sevenoaks, Bromley, Addington, Hadlow and Bromley. There were also prominent clubs in Maidstone and Hornchurch and Maidstone. The club was established in the 1920s and the 1930s. ",
  "3": " There are many terms used to describe association football, the sport most commonly referred to in the English-speaking world as \"football\" or \"soccer\" The sport is most commonly known as football or football, most commonly called football or soccer. There are also many other terms, such as football, football, soccer and football football.  The rules of Association football were codified in England by the Football Association in 1863. The Football Association introduced the rules in 1863 and introduced them into the Football League in 1883. The rules were first introduced to football in England in the 1880s and 1890s. Football is now the most popular sport in the world, with clubs such as Manchester United and Liverpool.  The alternative name soccer was first coined in late 19th century England to help distinguish between several codes of football that were growing in popularity at that time. Rugby football was first introduced to distinguish between rugby football and soccer in the same period of the same era of football in England.  The word soccer is an abbreviation of association (from assoc.) Soccer is a football association. Soccer is the most popular sport in the world. The word \"soccer\" is used to refer to the sport of association, association, and soccer is a word for association.  First appeared in English Public Schools and universities in the 1880s (sometimes using the variant spelling \"socker\") where it retains some popularity of use to this day. The word \"sock\" was first used in English public schools and universities where it is still popular today.  The word is sometimes credited to Charles Wreford-Brown, an Oxford University student said to have been fond of shortened forms such as brekkers for breakfast and rugger for rugby football (see Oxford -er) The word has been used in the past for breakfast, breakfast and rugby football.  However, attribution to Wreford-Brown in particular is generally considered to be spurious. However, the attribution to the attribution is considered spurious. The attribution is generally thought to have been based on the work of Wrefreed-Brown, who died in 1883.  Clive Toye noted \"they took the third, fourth and fifth letters of Association and called it SOCcer\" The SOCcer was a popular acronym for the organisation which was formed in the 1930s and '60s. It was first published in 1939, with the name SOCcer, SOCcer being used to promote the organisation.  The sport's full name Association Football has never been widely used, although in Britain some clubs in rugby football strongholds adopted the suffix Association Football Club (A.F.C.) Some rugby football clubs have adopted the same suffix as Association Football (AFA) in their name.  FIFA is a French-language acronym of \"F\u00e9d\u00e9ration Internationale de Football Association\" \u2013 the International Association Football Federation. FIFA is the world governing body for the sport, and FIFA is an acronym of the FIFPro. FIFA was the world's dominant sport in their area and is the French language acronym of FIFA.  \"Soccer football\" is used less often than it once was. The U.S. Soccer Federation was known as the United States Soccer Football Association from 1945 until 1974, when it adopted its current name. The Canadian Soccer Association was known from 1958 to 1971 as the Canadian Soccer FA from 1958.  Soccer was used as an uncontroversial alternative in Britain to football, often in colloquial and juvenile contexts, but was also widely used in formal speech and in writing about the game. Football is now a popular alternative to football in the UK, with clubs such as Manchester United and Liverpool among the most successful clubs in the world.  As the upper class lost influence in British society from the 1960s on, \"football\" supplanted \"soccer\" as the most commonly used word. The working and middle classes preferred the word 'football' as the word was used by the working class. \"Football\" is now the most accepted and accepted word used by British society.  The use of soccer is declining in Britain and is now considered (albeit incorrectly) to be an exclusively American English term. The word's British origin is thought to be British, rather than American, due to its British origin. It is considered to be American English, but it is now an exclusively British term.  The peak association football authorities in Australia and New Zealand have actively promoted the use of football to mirror international usage and to rebrand a sport that had been experiencing difficulties. In Australia, football has been rebranded as soccer-soccer in the early twenty-first century.  Both bodies dropped soccer from soccer from their names. Both bodies were found to be dead at the age of 90. The bodies were buried in a pool of blood in a shallow grave at the scene of an apparent suicide attempt. The victims were found by police in the early hours of their deaths.  New Zealand's efforts have met with considerable success in New Zealand, but have not taken effect well in Australia or Papua New Guinea. The efforts have not met with success in Australia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinean, however, in Australia and New Zealand. These efforts have also met with some success in other countries, such as Australia.  Usage of the various names of association football vary among the countries or territories who hold the English language as an official or de facto official language. English-speaking countries are used in association football's various names, such as football's first official or second official league name. English is used in football's most commonly played football matches.  Places which have some level of autonomy in the sport and their own separate federation but are not actually independent countries. For example, the constituent countries of the United Kingdom and some overseas territories each have their own federation and national team. The brief survey of usage addresses places which are not independent countries but have some autonomy.  Not included are places such as Cyprus, where English is widely spoken on the ground but not among the country's specifically stated official languages. Cyprus is not included in the list of countries with English as an official language. Cyprus's official language is English, but it is not an official word in Cyprus.  Association football is known as \"football\" in the majority of countries where English is an official language. Football is also known as football in Nepal, Malta, India, Bangladesh, Nigeria, Cameroon, Pakistan, Liberia, Singapore, Hong Kong and others, stretching over many regions including parts of Europe, Asia, Africa and Central America.  In North America and Australia, soccer is the primary term used by native English speakers. In Australia and North America, the term is \"soccer\" in reference to the sport of the game. Soccer is the most popular language in the United States, Australia and the United Kingdom.  Fitbaa, fitba or fitbaw is a rendering of the Scots pronunciation of \"football\" often used in a humorous or ironic context. Fitba is a Scottish term for the word football. It is often a Scottish expression of the word \"football\", used in humorous context.  In the United States, where American football is more popular, the word football is used only to refer to that sport. In the U.S., the word is used to refer only to American football. North America is the most populous country in North America, followed by Canada and Australia.  Association football is most commonly referred to as soccer. It is commonly known as association football. Football is a form of association football which is played by professional football teams around the world. FIFA is the most commonly used to refer to football as a football club. FIFA World Cup is currently held in Brazil.  As early as 1911 there were several names in use for the sport in the Americas. The sport was first known in 1911 as the American version of the sport. There have been several names for the Americas' sport in use in the past as well as the sport's first name.  The sport's governing body is the United States Soccer Federation. However, it was originally called the U.S. Football Association. It was formed in 1913 by the merger of the American Football Association and the American Amateur Football Association. It was originally known as \"association football\" and \"soccer football\"  The word \"soccer\" was added to the name in 1945, making it the U.S. Soccer Football Association. It did not drop the word \"football\" until 1974, when it assumed its current name. The word'soccer' was dropped from the name of the association in 1974.  In Canada, the term \"football\" refers to gridiron football (or Canadian football) or American football. In Standard French, it refers to either Canadian football or American American football football. The term is used in Canada and the United States, similar to the U.S.  \"Soccer\" is the name for association football in Canadian English (similarly, in Canadian French, le soccer). In Canadian English, soccer is a form of association football. In French, soccer means soccer, soccer, or soccer, and is the same name in English.  In majority francophone Quebec, the provincial governing body is the F\u00e9d\u00e9ration de Soccer du Qu\u00e9bec. In majority French-speaking Quebec, it is the national governing body of the national soccer team. In French-English Quebec, soccer is governed by a provincial body called the Quebec Soccer Federation.  This is unusual compared to francophone countries, where football is generally used. Football is used in France and the other French-speaking countries. This is the first time the country has used football in the country's entire football league. France is the only country to use football as a football team in the league.  Canada's national body government of the sport is named the Canada Soccer Association. The original name was the Dominion of Canada Football Association. Canada Soccer is the country's national governing body of sport. The country is also known as Canada's Soccer Association, or Canada Soccer Canada.  Some teams based in the two countries have adopted FC as a suffix or prefix in their names. In Major League Soccer, these include Austin FC, Minnesota United FC, Chicago Fire FC, FC Dallas, Seattle Sounders FC, Toronto FC, Vancouver Whitecaps FC, New York City FC, Los Angeles FC and FC Cincinnati FC. Two MLS teams (Inter Miami CF and CF Montr\u00e9al) use CF as a prefix or prefix.  FC Edmonton is the only team in the league that uses it as a prefix. All teams in the Canadian Premier League (with the notable exception of Atl\u00e9tico Ottawa) use FC as a suffix while FC Ottawa uses it to refer to the team owned by Madrid. FC Edmonton use it as an abbreviation.  In Central America, the only English-speaking nation is Belize. The unqualified term football refers to association football, as used in the Football Federation of Belize and in the Belize Premier Football League. Belize is one of the six countries in Central America.  The term soccer is sometimes used in vernacular speech and media coverage. In the Caribbean, most of the English-speaking members use the word football for their federations and leagues, the exception being the U.S. Virgin Islands, where both federation and league use soccer.  An exceptional case is the largely Spanish-speaking Puerto Rico, where the word football is used in the Puerto Rican Football Federation, while the word soccer is used. However, its 2nd division is named Liga Nacional de Futbol de Puerto Rico. The word soccer has been used in Puerto Rico's 1st division, the Puerto Rico Soccer League.  Soccer is the most common term in vernacular speech, but it is not the most commonly used word in English. Soccer is most common  word in the United States, however, in terms of sport. The word \"soccer\" is used to refer to a team of players and coaches.  Soccer is used in Sint Maarten Soccer Association, but neither football nor soccer appears in its league name: instead, the Dutch voetbal is used. Another case is the Dutch island of Sint\u00a0Maarten, where soccer is used only in the league name.  The sport has been mainly referred to as soccer in Australia. It has been known as soccer or soccer in the past. The sport is also known as football or rugby league football. Australia is one of the most populous countries in the world, with the highest number of Australian players.  This is primarily due to Australian rules football and rugby league taking precedence of the name in conversation due to their greater cultural prominence and popularity. Similar to North America and gridiron football in North America, the name has also been taken up in conversation with Australian Rules Football and rugby League.  In 2005, the Australia Soccer Association changed its name to Football Federation Australia. It now encourages the use of \"football\" to describe the association code in line with international practice. However, in 2005, it was changed to \"Football Federation Australia\" in order to comply with the international code.  All state organisations, many clubs, and most media outlets, have followed its example. Most media outlets have followed the example of state organisations following its lead. State organisations and many clubs have followed their lead in the world's most famous sportswapping organisation, the BBC, and the BBC.  Soccer is the preferred term in Australia for what most of the world calls football. The Macquarie Dictionary observed that soccer is still in general use in Australia. The peak body in Australia has officially adopted the term football for this sport will undoubtedly cause a shift in usage.  Julia Gillard referred to the sport as football, emphasising her choice when questioned. This was highlighted shortly afterwards when then-Prime Minister Gillard, speaking in Melbourne, referred to it as football. Gillard was then the Prime Minister of the time, referring to football as football when questioned by reporters.  The Australian men's team is still known by its long-standing nickname, the Socceroos. \"soccer\" is still the most popular term for the sport in Australia. The Soccer Ashes is still referred to as such, and the Soccer Ashes as such. The Australian national team is known as the Soccer Australia.  Historically, the derogatory term \"wogball\" has been used to refer to the sport. The derogatory term has also been used in some of the sport's most recent history. Wogball has been a derogatory term used in the past by some people in the United States.  This is due to \"wog\" being a derogatory (but since appropriated in some contexts) term referring to Australians of Mediterranean background. \"Wog\" is a derogatory term used by Australians of\u00a0Croatians, Egyptians, Greeks, Italians, Lebanese, Macedonians and Turks.  It was also derogatorily described as a game for \"sheilas, wogs and poofters\" (with \"poofters\" being homosexuals) Game was also called \"wogs, poofter\" and \"sheilaas\" Game was described as game for women and homosexuals.  Former Australian soccer player Johnny Warren later released a book titled Sheilas, Wogs and Poofters. Johnny Warren also released an autobiography titled \"Sheilas and Wogs\" Johnny Warren is a former footballer who played for Australia's national soccer team in the 1980s and 1990s.  The debate over whether \"soccer\" or \"football\" should be use is raging in Australian media. The debate is raging over whether the use of the word football is appropriate or not. Australian media is debating whether to use the word \"football,\" rather than soccer, in Australia. ",
  "4": " U.S. football consists of a series of downs, individual plays of short duration, outside of which the ball is dead or not in play. The downs are downs, which are downs or individual plays that are short of play, and do not occur during the majority of downs.  These can be plays from scrimmage \u2013 passes, runs, punts or field goals \u2013 or free kicks such as kickoffs and fair catch kicks. Free kicks are also free kicks, such as kicks and fair catches, which can be kicked off or kickoffs. These can also be played from scrimmage or field kicks.  Substitutions can be made between downs, which allows for a great deal of specialization as coaches choose the players best suited for each particular situation. Substitution can also be made during the downs, allowing for the players to be best suited in each situation at the top of the field.  Each team should have no more than 11 players on the field during a play. Each player has specific tasks assigned for that specific play. During a play, each team should only have 11 players with specific tasks for that play. The task is to ensure that each player has a specific task for each play.  The objective of this game is to score more points than the other team during the allotted time. This game is the first time the two teams have been playing together in a game. The objective is to win more points during the time allotted for each time. The other team must score more than one point during the entire time.  The team with the ball (the offense) has 4 plays (downs) to advance at least 10 yards, and can score points once they reach the opposite end of the field, which is home to a scoring zone called the end zone, as well as the goalposts.  If the offense succeeds in advancing at least 10 yards, they earn a \"first down\" and the number of tries allotted is reset and then they are again given 4 tries to advance an additional 10 yards. The offense is given 4 more tries, starting from the spot to which they last advanced.  If the offense does not advance at least 10 yards during their 4 downs, the defense regains control of the ball (called turnover on downs) If the team without the ball loses the ball, it regains the ball to the defense. If the defense fails to advance 10 yards, it's called a turnover on down.  On offense, points are scored by advancing the ball into the opponent's end zone for a touchdown (worth six points), or by kicking the ball from the playing field through the raised vertical posts (the goalposts) The goalposts are most commonly situated on the end line of the end zone.  After scoring a touchdown, the offense is given an additional opportunity from the 2-yard line to attempt to score (in the NFL, 15-yard on 1-point conversions) in amateur football. In amateur football, a touchdown is added to the score after a touchdown.  The offense may attempt a field goal kick which is worth 1 point. The conversion attempt is used to score 1 or 2 points as follows: The offense must score a point or two points to score a goal. The offense can also attempt a conversion attempt to score 2 points.  The offense may attempt to re-advance the ball into the opponent's end zone for a two-point conversion worth 2 points. While the opposing team has possession, the defense attempts to prevent the offense from advancing the ball and scoring. The offense can also attempt to score a two point conversion.  If an offensive player loses the ball during play (a fumble) or the ball is caught by a defensive player while still in the air (an interception) the defense may attempt to run into the offense's end zone for a touchdown. The defense may try to score a touchdown if a player loses a fumble or an interception.  The defense may also score points by tackling the ball carrier in the offense's own end zone, called a safety (which is worth two points) The defense can also score a safety, a safety or tackle a player in the end zone. The defense also can score points with tackling in the defense's end zone called a free tackle, or a safety.  Collegiate and professional football games are 1 hour long, divided into four quarters of 15 minutes each. Football matches are played in a 1-hour time period. Football games are divided into 15-minute chunks of play each half and 15-minutes a half.  In high school football, 12 minute quarters are usually played in 12-minute quarters. 12-quarter quarters are played in a 12 minute period. High school football is played in high schools across the United States. High School football is one of the most popular high school sports in the world.  A typical college or professional game can exceed three hours in duration. The clock is stopped frequently, however, with the result that a typical game can be three hours long. A typical game lasts three hours, with a total of three hours between the clock stopped frequently. A game can last more than three hours per game.  The referee controls the game clock and stops the clock after any incomplete pass or any play that ends out of bounds. The clock is controlled by the referee, and the clock is stopped after a play is incomplete or a play that is out of the field is incomplete. The referee is in charge of the clock at the start of the game.  Each team is allowed 3 timeouts in each half that they may use at their own discretion. In addition to timeouts, each team is also allowed to use timeouts to use during each half. Each team has 3 timeout timeouts for each half and each team can use during the second half of each game.  The clock normally runs during the action of plays, with a few exceptions known as untimed plays. The clock is normally used to run during the play-time clock, with the exception known as 'untimed' plays. Untimed plays are the only exceptions to the clock running during plays.  Some high schools employ a mercy rule in which the clock runs continuously after one team's lead over the other achieves a certain number of points. The clock runs continuous after a certain amount of points achieved by a certain team's score is achieved. Some schools use the mercy rule to run out the clock after certain points achieved.  The clock only stops for injuries, or time outs called by a team or a referee. In these instances, the clock stops for time outs, or injuries, called by teams or referees. The clock is only stopped for injury time outs or time out time outs during the game.  The clock may also be stopped for an officials' time-out, after which, if the clock was running, it is restarted. The clock is then restarted if it is not running at the time of an official time out. It is also restarted when the clock is stopped for officials time-outs, or if it was running.  Officials may use chains to determine whether or not a team has moved the ball far enough for a first down. Officials may also use a measuring device (the chains) to determine the distance of the ball. For example, the chains are used to determine if a team moves the ball enough to get a first-down.  Officials will signal for a stoppage of the clock to take place. The officials will also signal for the officials to stop the clock in order to measure the length of the match. The World Cup will be held on Sunday at 6.30pm GMT on New Year's Day.  Once the measurement is finished and the ball is placed at the proper location (spotted), the referee will then signal for the clock to restart. The clock will then be restarted once the ball has been placed. The ball is then placed in the correct position (spots)  Officials may take a time-out to administer a penalty or for an injured player to be removed from the field. Other situations where officials may take time-outs include administering a penalty, for an injury or for a penalty. Officials may also take timeouts to administer penalties or for players to be taken off the field during the time out.  In addition to the game clock, a separate play clock is also used. A separate game clock is used to keep track of the play clock at the end of the game. The game clock has been used in the past as a result of the use of a separate clock and play clock.  This counts down the time the offense has to start the next play before it is assessed a penalty for delay of game (see below) The offense is given the time it must start the play before being penalized for a delay of play. The penalty counts down how long the offense is allowed to start a play before they are penalized.  This clock is typically 25 seconds from when the referee marks the ball ready for play. This clock typically takes 25 seconds to mark the ball when it is ready to be used in football matches. The clock clock is usually 25 seconds before the ball is marked for use by the referee.  The NFL and NCAA use a 40-second play clock that starts immediately after the previous play ends. For certain delays, such as penalty enforcement, the offense has 25 seconds from when the ball is marked ready. The NFL also uses a play clock, though, for certain delays.  The purpose of the play clock is to ensure that the game progresses at a consistent pace, preventing unnecessary delays. It is designed to prevent unnecessary delays in the game. The use of the clock is required to ensure the game is played at the same pace as any other game.  Teams leading toward the end of the game will often try to run out the clock via kneeldown while trailing teams attempt the opposite. Clock management is a significant part of a game's clock management. The clock management of a football game is also a significant factor in the game's success.  Officials also call for media time-outs, which allow time for television and radio advertising, to be allowed during the timeouts. Officials call for timeouts to allow advertising time for TV and radio during the media timeouts, as well as time for children's services.  They also stop the clock after a change of possession of the ball from one team to the other. The clock also stop when a team changes possession of possession to one team and the ball to one another. The game ends at half-time when the teams are playing in the Champions League.  Successful PATs (Point(s) After Touchdown) or a field goal try, or a kickoff may also warrant stopping the clock. Successful kicks, field goals, and a kickoff try, also warrant a stop the clock, may also be stopped. The clock clock clock may be stopped at the end of each play when the clock is stopped.  If an instant replay challenge is called during the game, the referees signal for a media time out. Referees signal for media timeouts if they are called during a replay challenge. The challenge is an attempt to challenge a decision made by the referee during a game. The referee signals a media timeout if it is called.  Referee signals media time-outs by first using the time out signal, then extending both arms in a horizontal position. The referee signals these media timeouts by extending his arms in horizontal position, then using the signal to signal the time-out signal. Referees use both arms to signal time out signals, then extend both arms.  Teams change ends of the field at end of first quarter and end of third quarter. Possession, downs remaining and distance-to-goal does not change at these occasions. Team with possession 5 yards from the opponent's endzone at the end of the first quarter would resume playing 5 yards away from the other endzone, which they would then be attacking.  Separating the first and second halves is halftime. Separate halftime is halftime. Separation is between the first half and the second half. Separation between the two halves of the game is between halftime and half-time. Separated halftime is the start of the second and half of each half.  Both halves, and any overtime, begin with kick-offs. The kicking team is decided by a coin toss to decide the kicking team's kicking team. Both teams kick-off kick off in the opening stages of the game. The teams kick off kick off at half time in the first half of the match.  In the NFL, an automatic timeout is called by the officials once the ball is dead and there are two minutes or less left in both the second and the fourth quarters, and overtime. This is most commonly referred to as the two-minute warning, or the two minute warning.  No such warning is normally given in amateur football, though if there is no visible stadium clock, the referee will give a two-minute warning (four minutes in high school) No warning is usually given in the amateur game. If there is not visible stadium clocks, a warning will be given if the clock is not on the pitch.  In the preseason, prior to 1973 and since 2021, games that are tied at the end of four quarters end in a tie. Since 2021, teams that finish tied in the final four quarters finish in overtime. The NFL has never had a game that ends in an overtime finish in the preseason.  In the regular season and playoffs, if a game is tied at the end of four quarters, overtime is played. In the playoffs, overtime will be played if a tie is tied in the final four quarters of a game. The overtime period is played in the NFL's Super Bowl.  In overtime, a coin toss is used to determine which team will possess the ball first. The coin toss determines which team has possession of the ball in the first half of the overtime period. A coin toss can be used in overtime to decide which team is possession first in the game.  The winner of the coin toss can choose to give the ball or receive the ball. The winner can choose the ball to give or give the winning coin tosser the ball. The winner will be able to choose whether the ball is given or received the ball in the winner's choice.  In a regular season, if the first possession results in a touchdown (by the receiving team or by the defensive team on a turnover) or a safety, the scoring team wins. The scoring team must score a touchdown or score a safety to win the game. The first possession of a game ends in a safety or a touchdown.  If the receiving team fails to score and loses possession, the game goes into sudden death. The first to score in sudden death, the first team to score wins. The receiving team loses possession if the game is lost, and the first score is the first to win.  If the initial receiving team only scores a field goal, the game is not automatically over and the other team is given an opportunity to possess the ball as well. However, if the first receiving team does not score a goal, it does not automatically end the game. The other team's possession of the ball is also allowed to take the ball back.  Other team can win with a touchdown, tie with a field goal leading to sudden death or lose if they fail to score. The other team can score a touchdown or score with a score of a touchdown. Other team must score a goal to avoid sudden death in order to win the game.  In a playoff, both teams will have the opportunity to possess the ball. Both teams will be able to possess possession of the ball at the end of the game. The game will be played in a playoff between the two teams, starting at 1:30pm on Saturday.  If the score is tied after each team has possessed the ball, the next score wins. The next score is the result of possession of the ball. If a team is tied, the score must be tied after the team has possession the ball and the score goes up.  During the regular season in the NFL, one overtime period is played (with each team receiving two-time outs). If the team kicking off to start the overtime period scores a safety on the receiving team's initial possession, the team that kicked off is the winner. If a safety is scored in the first overtime period, the winner of the game is the winning team that kicks off.  If the game is still tied after the 10-minute overtime, the game officially ends in a tie. The game is officially called a tie after the game ends in 10 minutes of extra time. If a score is tied after 10 minutes, it is officially declared a deadlock in the game.  In the playoffs, overtime periods continue until a winner is determined. The playoffs are held in overtime periods until the winner is decided. In overtime periods, the teams play in the playoffs for the purposes of winning and losing games in order to reach the next round of the playoffs.  Overtime follows a three-minute intermission after the end of the regulation game. The game ends after the conclusion of the game ends with a goal and a goal each side scored a goal in the overtime period. Overtime is the first time the game has gone to overtime after the game goes to overtime.  Prior to overtime, a coin flip is performed in which the captain of the visiting team calls the toss. Prior to the start of overtime, the captains of the teams call the toss before the game begins. The toss is a coin toss prior to the game's overtime start.  The team that wins the coin flip has the option either to receive the kickoff or choose the side of the field they wish to defend. The coin flip is the first time a team has won a coin flip in the NFL's history. The teams that win the toss have the option of receiving the kick or defending the field.  Ties are rare in the NFL; the most recent was a 20\u2013all tie between the Washington Commanders and New York Giants on December 4, 2022, which ended in a 20-all tie. The most recent tie was a tie between New York and Washington Commanding Commanders in December 2022.  See List of NFL tied games for more games. See list of NFL teams tied for tied games in the NFL for more coverage of the NFL's top two teams in a tied game. The NFL is tied for the first time this season in a tie-breaking game since 2008.  From the 2017 season, the overtime period was shortened from 15 minutes to 10 minutes for the preseason and regular season. The overtime period will also be shortened for the season's first two seasons. The preseason and the regular season's overtime period is also shortened for regular season and preseason.  The overtime for the postseason remains 15 minutes. Prior to the 2010\u201311 playoffs, the overtime winner was simply the first team to score any points. However, the rules were changed to reduce the advantage obtained by the team that won the overtime coin toss. The overtime winner is now the only team that wins the overtime toss.  The team that won the coin toss would usually elect to receive the ball, then gain just enough yardage to win the game by kicking a field goal without the other team ever touching the ball. Under the prior rules, the winning team would usually kick the field goal.  The coin toss winner won approximately 60% of overtime games under the new overtime rules. The first overtime game played under the rules occurred in a 2012 AFC wild card game between the Denver Broncos and Pittsburgh Steelers at Sports Authority Field at Mile High, Denver, Colorado. The coin-tossing winner of the coin toss wins approximately 60\u00a0percent\u00a0of overtime games.  Tim Tebow's 80-yard touchdown pass from Demaryius Thomas in overtime win over Denver Broncos. Denver won the game on the first play in overtime. Tebow threw the game's first touchdown pass in the first quarter of the clock clock clock to put the game back to overtime.  The rule was formally adopted for the 2012 season, and the first game in which both teams scored in overtime was a 43\u201337 victory by the Houston Texans over the Jacksonville Jaguars over the Jaguars on. The first game to see both teams score in overtime occurred in a 43-37 win by the Texans. ",
  "5": " Stockbrokers and traders can buy and sell shares of stock, bonds and other financial instruments. A stock exchange, securities exchange, or bourse is an exchange where stockbrokers can buy, sell and sell securities. A bourse or a stock exchange is a place where the exchange exchange exchange takes place.  Stock exchanges may also provide facilities for the issue and redemption of such securities and instruments and capital events including the payment of income and dividends. Stock exchange facilities may include the issue of such a security and instruments, such as the issue, redemption and income and dividend payments. Stock exchanges are also able to offer facilities for such facilities.  Securities traded on a stock exchange include stock issued by listed companies, unit trusts, derivatives, derivatives and pooled investment products and bonds. Securities traded on an exchange include listed companies and unit trusts. Units trusts, pooled investments and bonds are traded on the stock exchange in the United States.  Stock exchanges often function as \"continuous auction\" markets with buyers and sellers consummating transactions via open outcry at a central location such as the floor of the exchange or by using an electronic trading platform. To be able to trade a security on a particular stock exchange, the security must be listed there.  Modern markets use electronic communication networks, which give them advantages of increased speed and reduced cost of transactions. Usually, there is a central location for record keeping, but trade is increasingly less linked to a physical place as modern markets use e-communications networks, giving them advantages.  Trade on an exchange is restricted to brokers who are members of the exchange. Trade is restricted only to brokers on the exchange who are part of an exchange. The market is expected to be open in the next two years, and the market is open only to members of a member exchange.  In recent years, various other trading venues such as electronic communication networks, alternative trading systems and \"dark pools\" have taken much of the trading activity away from traditional stock exchanges. Initial public offerings of stocks and bonds to investors are done in the primary market and subsequent trading in the secondary market.  A stock exchange is often the most important component of a stock market. The most important part of the stock market is a stock exchange. Stock exchanges are often most important components of the market. A stock market exchange is a major component of the world's stock market, with many important parts of it.  Supply and demand in stock markets are driven by various factors that affect the price of stocks. As in all free markets, these factors affect the market value of stocks (see stock valuation) Stock prices are based on various factors such as supply and demand factors, such as demand and demand.  There is usually no obligation for stock to be issued through the stock exchange itself, nor must stock be subsequently traded on an exchange. Stock must be issued by the company itself, not by an exchange, to be traded on the exchange itself. There is no obligation to issue stock to the stock market itself, or to trade on a stock exchange.  Such trading may be off exchange or over-the-counter. It may be trading off or over the counter. Such trading can take place in the United States, Canada, Australia, Canada and Europe. Trading may also take place off the exchange or off the stock market.  This is the usual way that derivatives and bonds are traded. This is how they are traded in the usual manner of trading. The usual way is to trade derivatives and bond prices. The market is now being used to trade bonds and derivatives in the way of trading in bonds and currencies.  Stock exchanges are part of a global securities market. Increasingly, stock exchanges are now part of the global market. Stock exchanges in the world are now a global market of around $1bn a day. The world's largest stock exchange is based in New York City, New York.  Stock exchanges also serve an economic function in providing liquidity to shareholders in providing an efficient means of disposing of shares. Stock exchanges provide an efficient way to dispose of shares. Stock exchanges are also an efficient disposal method of shares, such as selling shares and selling shares to shareholders.  Stock market-based economies launched with BC Phoenicia's large trade network. Stock market economies were launched with the ancient kingdom of Phoeniches in ancient times. The kingdom's trading network was founded in Phoenechenia in the early Bronze Age period of the BC.  The beginnings of lending were in Italy in the late Middle Ages. Lending was first started in the 16th century in Italy. The origins of lending began in the 14th century and spread throughout the Middle Ages. Lending is a form of lending in Italy and throughout Europe.  Venetian lenders would carry slates with information on the various issues for sale and meet with clients, much like a broker does today. In the 1300s, lenders carried slates and met with clients much like today's today's broker meets with clients in Venice.  Venetian merchants introduced the principle of exchanging debts between moneylenders. A lender looking to unload a high-risk, high-interest loan might exchange it for a different loan with another lender. The idea was introduced by merchants in the early 16th century.  Lenders also bought government debt issues. These lenders also bought some of the government's government debt. Lenders bought government bonds in the form of buying government bonds. Government debt issues were also bought by these lenders in the same way. The government has been buying government debt in the past decade.  The lenders began to sell debt issues to the first individual investors in the late 1900s. As the natural evolution of their business continued, the lenders sold debt issues for individual investors. The lenders sold their debt to individual investors for the first time in the early 1900s. The lenders first started selling debt issues in the mid-century.  Venetians were the leaders in the field and the first to start trading securities from other governments, yet did not embark on private trade with India. The Venetian did not begin trading with India, but did not start trading with other governments. India was the first country to begin trading securities with foreign governments.  Nor did the Italians connect on land with the Chinese Silk Road. Nor did they connect land with land with China's Silk Road, which is part of the world's largest network of land-crossing trade routes. The Italian city was the first Italian city to join the Silk Road in the region.  Along the potential overland trade route, Habsburg (Austrian) emperor Frederick II repulsed advances by Mongol Batu Kahn (Golden Horde) in 1241. Frederick II was the first emperor to repel Mongol advances by Batu Khan (Golden Golden Horde) along the route.  There are little consensus among scholars as to when corporate stock was first traded. There is little consensus as to which corporate stock first traded in the U.S. There is also little consensus about when corporate stocks were first traded. There are still questions as to whether corporate stock stock was traded at the beginning of the century.  Some view the key event as the Dutch East India Company's founding in 1602. Others point to much earlier developments (Bruges, Antwerp in 1531 and in Lyon in 1548) Some say the company's founding was 1602, while others point to earlier developments.  The Amsterdam Stock Exchange is often considered the oldest \"modern\" securities market in the world. The first book in history of securities exchange, the Confusion of Confusions, was written by the Dutch-Jewish trader Joseph de la Vega. The Amsterdam stock exchange is considered to be the oldest in history.  On the other hand, economist Ulrike Malmendier of the University of California at Berkeley argues that a share market existed as far back as ancient Rome, that derives from Etruscan \"Argentari\" on the basis of the Etruani.  In the Roman Republic, there were societates publicanorum, organizations of contractors or leaseholders who performed temple-building and other services for the government. The Roman Republic existed for centuries before the Empire was founded, with many of its temples built by private contractors.  One such service was the feeding of geese on the Capitoline Hill as a reward to the birds after their honking warned of a Gallic invasion in 390 B.C. The geese were given a reward for their warning of an invasion by the Gallic invaders.  Cicero was a member of an organization that had partes or shares. Cicero's orator Cicero used such a concept as a way to communicate with his followers. The concept was mentioned various times by the statesman and orator. The idea was first mentioned by Cicero in his orator's writings.  Cicero mentions \"shares that had a very high price at the time\" Cicero mentioned the price of shares in a speech. Cicero said in one speech that shares had a'very high price' Cicero also mentioned the value of the shares in his speech.  Malmendier says evidence suggests instruments were tradable, with fluctuating values based on an organization's success. Such evidence suggests the instruments were traded based on organization success, he says. The instruments were used by organizations in the 1930s and '50s, with prices fluctuating based on success.  The societas declined into obscurity in the time of the emperors, as most of their services were taken over by direct agents of the state. Most of the societes declined into obscure obscurity in time of emperors' reigns as most services were given to direct state agents.  Tradable bonds as a commonly used type of security were a more recent innovation, spearheaded by the Italian city-states of the late medieval and early Renaissance periods. City-state bonds were a popular form of security in Italy, especially in the medieval and Renaissance period. The bonds are now a common type of financial instrument.  Joseph de la Vega was an Amsterdam trader from a Spanish Jewish family. He was a prolific writer as well as a successful businessman in 17th-century Amsterdam. He is also known as Joseph Penso de La Vega and by other variations of his name. He died in 1783 in Amsterdam.  His 1688 book Confusion of Confusions explained the workings of the city's stock market. His book was published in 1688. He also wrote a book on the city stock market, which he called a 'confusion of confusion' The book was later published in 1788.  The book was the earliest book about stock trading and inner workings of the stock market. It was the form of a dialogue between a merchant, a shareholder and a philosopher. The book described a market that was sophisticated but also prone to excesses. De la Vega offered advice to his readers on such topics as the unpredictability of market shifts.  The first government bonds were issued in 1693 and the Bank of England was set up the following year. The Dutch King William III sought to modernize the kingdom's finances to pay for its wars. In England, the first government bond issued was issued in the first year of 1693.  English joint-stock companies began going public in the 1930s. Soon after, English companies started going public. English companies began to go public in 1930s and '50s. The first English joint stock company went public in 1933. The company was founded in 1903, and the first English company to do so went public.  London's first stockbrokers barred from the old commercial center known as the Royal Exchange, reportedly because of their rude manners. The Royal Exchange was founded in 1877, but was later banned from the city's main commercial center, the Royal London. The first exchange was known for its rude manners, but it was reportedly banned because of its manners.  Instead, the new trade was conducted from coffee houses along Exchange Alley. Instead, it was held in coffee shops along the streets of New York City. The new trade is conducted by coffee shops in Exchange Alley, New York, the city's largest coffee shop in the world.  By 1698, a broker named John Castaing, operating out of Jonathan's Coffee House, was posting regular lists of stock and commodity prices. He was operating from 1698 to 1698. He was a broker operating from the Coffee House in London, England.  Lists mark the beginning of the London Stock Exchange. One of history's greatest financial bubbles occurred around 1720. Those lists mark the start of London's first major financial boom. The list is based on data from the 1720 period of the British financial crisis. Click here to read the full list of those who made the list.  The South Sea Company was set up in 1711 to conduct English trade with South America. The Mississippi Company focused on commerce with France's Louisiana colony. It was founded by transplanted Scottish financier John Law, who was acting in effect as France's central banker. Investors snapped up shares in both companies in the first half of the year. The shares of both companies rose sharply in the second half of last year's economic growth. Investors snapped up both companies' shares at the end of the second quarter of the first-quarter's earnings report.  In 1720, at the height of the mania, there was even an offering of \"a company for carrying out an undertaking of great advantage, but nobody to know what it is\" in the offering of a company. The offer was made at the time of the 1720 mania.  By the end of that same year, share prices had started collapsing, as it became clear that expectations of imminent wealth from the Americas were overblown. Share prices started collapsing in 2010, when it was clear expectations had been overblown, and share prices started to fall.  In London, Parliament passed the Bubble Act, which stated that only royally chartered companies could issue public shares. The Bubble Act was passed by London's Parliament in 1883. It was the first time a public company could issue a public share sale in the UK. The act was passed in the wake of the Second World War.  Law was stripped of office and fled the country in Paris. Law fled the French capital and was forced to flee the country. Law was later stripped of his post in Paris, where he was arrested by the French government. Law has since been accused of corruption in the past and fled France.  Stock trading was more limited and subdued in subsequent decades. Stock trading in the 1930s was a major factor in the decline in the American stock market. In the 1960s and '90s, stock trading was much more subdued in the United States. The decline in trading led to a decline in stock prices in the 1970s and 1980s.  Yet the market survived, and by the 1790s shares were being traded in the young U.S. shares were trading in the United States. The market survived and shares were traded by the end of the 1800s and in the 1780s and again by the 1880s.  On May 17, 1792, the New York Stock Exchange opened under a Platanus occidentalis (buttonwood tree) in New York City. 24 stockbrokers signed the Buttonwood Agreement, agreeing to trade five securities under that buttonwood tree. The agreement was signed in 1792.  Bombay Stock Exchange was started by Premchand Roychand in 1875. Started in the Bombay Stock Exchange in the early 1900s. Started as a trading hub in Mumbai, India, in the 18th century. Started from 1875 in the city of Bombay, India.  While BSE Limited is now synonymous with Dalal Street, it was not always so. BSE Ltd. is now known as BSE Listers. The company was founded by BSE in 1973 and is now owned by Dalal Stocks and BSE London Stock Exchange Ltd.  In the 1850s, five stock brokers gathered under a Banyan tree in front of Mumbai Town Hall, where Horniman Circle is now situated. Horniman circle is now located in Horniman Park, Mumbai. The area is now known as Horniman\u00a0Circuit\u00a0Horniman Circle.  A decade later, brokers moved their location to another leafy setting, this time under banyan trees at the junction of Meadows Street and what was then called Esplanade Road, now Mahatma Gandhi Road. The brokers' location is now located in the heart of the city.  With a rapid increase in the number of brokers, they had to shift places repeatedly. They had to move places repeatedly in order to cope with the increase in numbers of brokers. The brokers had to constantly shift places in their offices to accommodate the growing number of brokerages.  At last, in 1874, the brokers found a permanent location, the one that they could call their own. The brokers found the new home of the first time in their life in the U.S. The first time they had a permanent home, they moved to a new home in 1872.  The Bombay Stock Exchange continued to operate out of a building near the Town Hall until 1928. The brokers group became an official organization known as \"The Native Share & Stock Brokers Association\" in 1875. The Bombay stock exchange was based in Bombay, Bombay, India.  The present site near Horniman Circle was acquired by the exchange in 1928. The building was constructed and occupied in 1930, and was moved to the site in 1930. The exchange was acquired in 1928, and the building was built in 1930 and is now located in central London.  Dalal Street in Hindi (meaning \"Broker Street\") is the name of the exchange exchange. The street on which the site is located came to be called \"Dalal Street\" due to its location. The exchange exchange is located on the street where the exchange took place.  On 31 August 1957, the BSE became the first stock exchange to be recognized by the Indian Government under the Securities Contracts Regulation Act. The BSE was the first of its kind in India to have been recognized under the Act. BSE is the largest Indian stock exchange in the world.  Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers at Dalal Street, Fort area, was completed and occupied by the BSE in 1980. Construction of the present building began in the late 1970s and was completed in late 1980s and occupied in 1980s. BSE headquarters are located in Fort area.  The name of the building was changed in memory of Sir Phiroze Jamshedji Jeejeebhoy, chairman of the BSE since 1966, following his death. The BSE Towers were originally named the\u00a0BSE Towers. The name was changed soon after occupation.  In 1986, the BSE developed the S&P BSE SENSEX index. The index is a means to measure the overall performance of the exchange. It is the first index to be developed by the London Stock Exchange in the 1980s. In 1986 the index was developed to measure overall the overall stock market performance.  In 2000, the BSE used this index to open its derivatives market, trading S&P BSE SENSEX futures contracts. The index was used to open the market for futures contracts in 2000. In 2010, the index was the first index to be used in the futures market of the Indian Stock Exchange.  The development of S&P BSE SENSEX options along with equity derivatives followed in 2001 and 2002, expanding the BSE's trading platform. The development was part of an effort to expand the trading platform of the Indian Stock Exchange. The BSE has a trading platform for options and equity derivatives.  Bombay Stock Exchange switched to an electronic trading system developed by Cmc ltd. in 1995. It switched to a new trading system in 1995, replacing an open outcry floor trading system that was used by the old floor trading floor trading exchange. The exchange switched to electronic trading systems in 1995 and is now based in Mumbai.  It took the exchange only 50 days to make the announcement. It took 50 days for the exchange to open a new office in New York City, New York, to open the office. It is the first time it has been open to the public in more than 50 years. ",
  "6": " Jaguar Land Rover is a British multinational car manufacturer with its headquarters in Whitley, Coventry, England. The brand is the luxury vehicle brand of the British car manufacturer. It is based in the UK and the U.S. based in California and has a range of luxury vehicles.  Jaguar Cars was the company responsible for the production of Jaguar cars until its operations were merged with those of Land Rover to form Jaguar Land Rover on 1 January 2013. Jaguar Cars were the company that was responsible for production of the cars until their operations were fully merged with Land Rover.  Jaguar's business was founded as the Swallow Sidecar Company in 1922. It originally made motorcycle sidecars before developing bodies for passenger cars. The company was originally known as Swallow sidecars. It was later developed into passenger cars and developed bodies for cars in the 1930s.  SS Cars made cars made in association with Standard Motor Company, many bearing Jaguar as a model name. SS Cars was owned by SS Cars and owned by the owner of the Standard Motors Company. The business extended to complete cars made by Standard Cars. Many of the cars were made with the name of Jaguar, many of which had the Jaguar name.  The company's name was changed from SS Cars to Jaguar Cars in 1945. The company was changed to Jaguar in 1945, after SS Cars became SS Cars. The name of the company changed to\u00a0Jaguar\u00a0Cars\u00a0in 1945, and the company was renamed SS Cars in 1946.  British Motor Holdings (BMH) merged with Leyland Motor Corporation in 1968 and became British Leyland, itself to be nationalised in 1975. A merger with the British Motor Corporation followed in 1966, the resulting enlarged company now being renamed as British Motor Holding. In 1968, the merged company became British Motor Motor Holdings.  Jaguar was spun off from British Leyland and was listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1984. It was acquired by Ford in 1990 after it was bought by Ford. Jaguar was sold to Ford in 1994 and Ford bought it in 1994. It is one of the most successful car companies in the world.  Since the late 1970s, Jaguar manufactured cars for the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. The most recent prime ministerial car delivery was an XJ (X351) in May 2010. The XJ is the most recent Prime Minister car delivery of a Jaguar XJ.  Ford owned Jaguar Cars, also buying Land Rover in 2000, until 2008 when it sold both to Tata Motors. The company also held royal warrants from Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles. Ford also bought Land Rover and bought Jaguar Cars in 2000 and sold Land Rover to Tata in 2008.  Tata created Jaguar Land Rover as a subsidiary holding company. Tata created a subsidiary company for Land Rover. Tata also created a company called Tata Motors. Tata Motors was founded by Tata Motors in 1964. Jaguar was a subsidiary of Tata Motors, a British company of Jaguar Land Rovers.  Jaguar Cars was merged in 2013 with Land Rover to form Jaguar Land Rover. Land Rover is the single design, manufacture, sales company, and brand owner for both Jaguar and Land Rover vehicles. At operating company level, Jaguar Cars is the parent company of both the Jaguar brand and the Land Rover brand.  Jaguar and Land Rover have used joint design facilities in engineering centres at Whitley in Coventry and Gaydon in Warwickshire. Jaguar cars have been assembled in plants at Castle Bromwich and Solihull. Land Rover and Jaguar cars are assembled in the same plants.  On 15 February 2021, Jaguar Land Rover announced that all cars made under the Jaguar brand will be fully electric by 2025. All cars made by the brand under Jaguar will be completely electric by the end of the model year 2021. All vehicles made by Land Rover will be powered by electric power.  The Swallow Sidecar Company was founded in 1922 by two motorcycle enthusiasts, William Lyons and William Walmsley. The company was founded by two motorcyclists. The sidecar company is based in London, England, and is located in central London, London, New York and New York. It is the largest motorcycle company in existence.  Lyons formed SS Cars, finding new capital by issuing shares to the public. In 1934, Walmsley elected to sell-out and in order to buy the Swallow business (but not the company which was liquidated) Lyons bought Swallow and found new capital.  Jaguar first appeared in September 1935 as a model name on an SS 2\u00bd-litre sports saloon. The name first appeared on a 2\u00bd litre sports car and was used in 1935 for a sports car. Jaguar was the first model name to be used in a Jaguar SS SS SS 1\u00bd-Luxury car.  A matching open two seater sports model with a 3\u00bd-litre engine was named SS Jaguar 100. A matching two-seater sports car was also available with an open two-seat sports model called SS Jag 100. The car had a three-engineered 3\u00bd litre engine and an open 2 seater car with a 2\u00bd-engine.  S. S. Cars shareholders in general meeting agreed to change the company's name to Jaguar Cars Limited. On 23 March 1945, the S.S. Cars company was renamed Jaguar Cars Ltd. It was the first time the company had changed the name of the company in 1945.  The name Jaguar is distinctive and cannot be confused with any similar foreign name, said chairman William Lyons. S.S. S. said the name Jaguar cannot be connected or confused with other similar foreign names, such as S.C. Jaguar is a British company that was founded in 1964.  Production was hampered by shortage of materials, particularly steel, issued to manufacturers until the 1950s by a central planning authority under strict government control. \"Though five years of pent-up demand ensured plenty of buyers, production was hampered. production hampered by shortages of steel, especially steel, said to manufacturers.  Jaguar bought from John Black's Standard Motor Company the plant where Standard built Jaguar's six-cylinder engines. In the late 1930s, the company sold Motor Panels, a pressed steel body manufacturing company, to steel and components manufacturer Rubery Owen, and Jaguar bought the plant that built the engines for Standard.  From this time Jaguar was entirely dependent for their bodies on external suppliers, such as independent Pressed Steel. In 1966 that carried them into BMC, BMH and British Leyland. In 1966, they were also involved in BMC, BHL and BMH. Jaguar was the first major British car company to be owned by a British company.  Jaguar made its name by producing a series of successful eye-catching sports cars, the Jaguar XK120 (1948\u201354), Jaguar XXK140 (1954\u201357) and Jaguar E-Type (1961\u201375) All embodying Lyons' mantra of \"value for money\"  Sports cars were successful in international motorsport. The sports cars were followed in the 1950s to prove the engineering integrity of the company's products. The sport cars proved to be successful in motorsport, proving the integrity of their engineering. The cars were a success in international motor racing.  Jaguar's sales slogan for years was \"Grace, Space, Pace\", a mantra epitomised by the record sales achieved by the MK VII, IX, Mks I and II saloons and later the XJ6 saloons. Jaguar's first ever car was the Jaguar XJ7.  The core of Lyons' success following the Second World War was the twin-cam straight six engine. The engine was conceived pre-war and realised while engineers at the Coventry plant were dividing their time between fire-watching and designing the new power plant. During the time this slogan was used, but the exact text varied.  It had a hemispherical cross-flow cylinder head with valves inclined from the vertical; originally at 30 degrees (inlet) and 45 degrees (exhaust) and later standardised to 45 degrees for both inlet and exhaust. It was originally designed to be a single-engineer.  As fuel octane ratings were relatively low from 1948 onwards, three piston configuration were offered: domed (high octane), flat (medium octane) and dished (low octane). Three piston configurations were offered in the early 1950s and 1960s. Three piston\u00a0piston\u00a0configurations\u00a0were offered\u00a0in the late 1950s, including domed, flat, high octane, and low octane.  William Heynes, assisted by Walter Hassan, was determined to develop the Twin OHC unit. The main designer of the twin OHC is credited with the development of the unit. Heynes and Hassan were the main designers of the OHC units. The twin units were designed by Heynes at the beginning of the 1960s.  Bill Lyons agreed over misgiviviviations from Hassan Hassan. Bill Lyons agrees over misgiving from Hassan. Hassan: \"I'm not sure what I'm going to do, I'm sure we're going to have to do what I want to do\" Bill Lyons: \"It's a good thing for the world to know what's happening\"  It was risky to take what had previously been considered a racing or low-volume and cantankerous engine into production saloon cars. It was the first time the engine had been applied to a saloon car with a low volume engine. The new model of the Bug Bugatti Type 1 was released in 1964.  The subsequent engine (in various versions) was the mainstay powerplant of Jaguar, used in the XK 120, Mk VII Saloon, Mk I and II Saloons and XK 140 and 150. It was used in various versions of Jaguar's XK 130 and 140 models.  It was also used in the E Type, itself a development from the race winning and Le Mans conquering C and D Type Sports Racing cars. It was refined as the short-lived XKSS, a road-legal D-Type, and was also a development of the E-Type.  Jaguar used the Twin OHC XK engine in the Jaguar XJ6 saloon from 1969 through 1992. The engine was also employed in the J60 variant as the power plant in such diverse vehicles as the British Army's Combat Vehicle Reconnaissance (Tracked) family of vehicles.  Properly maintained, the standard production XK Engine would achieve 200,000 miles of useful life. The standard production version of the XK engine would have a maximum life expectancy of 200,00 miles. The engine would also be able to reach an average 200,500 miles of useable life.  Jaguar won the Le Mans 24 hours race twice in 1951 and 1953. The team won the race in 1953 and 1951 respectively. Jaguar has won two Le Mans Le Mans races in its history, both in 1953. It is the first time Jaguar has ever won a 24-hour Le Mans race in the UK.  The 1955 Le Mans victory overshadowed by the worst motorsport accident in history. The worst motor racing accident in motorsport history was the worst crash in history at Le Mans in 1955. The tragedy overshadowed the victory at the Le Mans by the tragedy of the worst motor race crash ever recorded.  Later in the hands of Scottish racing team Ecurie Ecosse, two more wins were added in 1956 and 1957. Two more wins from the Scottish team were added to the team in the 1950s and '60s. The team won two more titles in the 1960s and 1960s.  Lyons' intention was to build the business by producing world-class sporting saloons in larger numbers than the sports car market could support. Lyons: \"It was always intended to be a performance-driven sports car company rather than a sports car manufacturer. It was always Lyons intention to build on the success of the sport car market with a sporting saloon model.  Jaguar secured financial stability and reputation for excellence with a series of elegantly styled luxury saloons that included the 3-litre and 3\u00bd litre cars, the Mark VII, VIII, and IX. The compact Mark I and 2, and the XJ6 and XJ12, were also popular.  All were deemed very good values, with comfortable rides, good handling, high performance, and great style. All were found to be comfortable and good drivers, with good handling and high performance. All are very good value values with comfortable riding, good handsets and good handling.  Jaguar's elan as a prestige motorcar manufacturer had few rivals. The XK 120, XK 140, and XK 150 series of sports car, and nonpareil E-Type, were the best examples of Jaguar's prestige car. Jaguar's first car was the XK120, 140 and 150 series sports car.  The company's post-War achievements are remarkable, considering both the shortages that drove Britain (the Ministry of Supply still allocated raw materials) and the state of metallurgical development of the era. The company is one of the largest in the world, having built the world's largest production facilities.  Jaguar agreed to lease from the Ministry of Supply the Daimler Shadow 2 factory in Browns Lane, Allesley, Coventry, in 1950. Jaguar moved to the new site from Foleshill over the next 12 months. The factory at the time was being used by the carmaker.  Jaguar purchased Daimler, not to be confused with Daimlers-Benz, in 1960 from BSA. Jaguar purchased the company in 1960, not the same name as Daimer-Benz or Dairler-Benz. Daimers-Benz was purchased by Jaguar in 1960; it is now owned by Mercedes.  From the late 1960s, Jaguar used the Daimler marque as a brand name for their most luxurious saloons. Jaguar used it as brand name in the 1960s for their luxury saloon cars. Jaguar also used the brand name as the name of its most luxurious car.  Pressed Steel Company Limited made all Jaguar's (monocoque) bodies leaving provision and installation of the mechanicals to Jaguar. The company made all of Jaguar's monocoque bodies. The mechanicals were installed by Jaguar. An end to independence was an end to the company's independence.  In mid-1965 British Motor Corporation (BMC), the Austin-Morris combine, bought Pressed Steel. The Austin and Morris combine bought the company in mid-1955. The company is now owned by the British Motor Company, which bought the firm in 1965. Lyons became concerned about the future of Jaguar, partly because of the threat to ongoing supplies of bodies. His age and lack of an heir meant he was worried about the company's future. He became concerned partly because he was too old and didn't have an heir.  He accepted BMC's offer to merge with Jaguar to form British Motor (Holdings) Limited. The merger was the result of a merger between BMC and Jaguar. It was the first time British Motor Company had merged with Jaguar. The company merged into British Motor Corporation (Holding) Limited in 1964.  Jaguar Group of companies is to merge with The British Motor Corporation Ltd., as the first step towards the setting up of a joint holding company to be called British Motor (Holdings) Limited. At a press conference on 11 July 1965 at the Great Eastern Hotel in London, Lyons and BMC chairman George Harriman announced the merger.  BMC changed its name to British Motor Holdings at the end of 1966. In due course BMC changed their name to\u00a0British\u00a0Motor\u00a0Holders\u00a0BMC. The company was renamed British Motor\u00a0Holding\u00a0MMC in 1966. BMC was the first British motor car to be owned by a British motor firm.  Government pushed by the Government to merge with Leyland Motor Corporation Limited, manufacturer of Leyland bus and truck, Standard-Triumph and, since 1967, Rover vehicles. Since 1967, the merged company has been a major supplier of vehicles and buses. The merged company was British-owned by the British government.  The result was British Leyland Motor Corporation, a new holding company which appeared in 1968, but the combination was not a success. The company was sold out of the company to a new company in 1968. The combined company failed to be a success in the early years of its existence.  A combination of poor decision making and financial difficulties led to the Ryder Report and to effective nationalisation in 1975. The Austin-Morris division (previously BMC) was forced to be nationalised. The Ryder Report was published in 1975 and led to nationalisation of the company.  Over the next few years it became clear that because of the low regard for many of the group's products insufficient capital could be provided to develop and begin manufacture of new models, including Jaguars. The company was forced to withdraw from the group after the sale of the Jaguar.  In July 1984, Jaguar was floated off as a separate company on the London Stock Exchange. It was one of the Thatcher government's many privatisations to create its own track record. Sir John Egan is credited for Jaguar's unprecedented prosperity immediately after privatisation. He was chairman of Jaguar between 1980 and 1984.  In early 1986 Egan reported he had tackled the main problems that were hold hold hold. Egan said he had dealt with the main issues that were still to be resolved. In 1986 he reported that he had solved the problems he faced in the first year of his career. In the same year, he said he would be able to find a solution to the problems of hold. ",
  "7": " The FIFA World Cup is an international association football competition. It is contested by the senior men's national teams of the F\u00e9d\u00e9ration Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), the sport's global governing body. FIFA is the world governing body of the sport.  The championship has been awarded every four years since 1930, except in 1942 and 1946, when it was not held because of World War II. The championship was awarded every 4 years except in 1946, except for 1942 and 1945. It was awarded to every four seasons since 1930.  The World Cup final match is the last of the competition, played by the only two teams remaining in contention. The result determines which country is declared the world champion. The final match decides which country wins the World Cup and which country will be declared the winner of the tournament.  It is a one-off match decided in regulation time. It is the first time a match has been decided in a regulation time match. The match is decided by a decision made in the final minute of regulation time. It was decided in the first minute of the game.  In case of a draw, extra time is used in the game. In the game, teams score 1-0 or draw in order to qualify for extra time. The teams score at least one goal each in each game at the top of the group stage. Each team scored one goal in the opening two games.  If scores are still level after extra time, a penalty shoot-out determines the winner, under the rules in force since 1986. Prior to that, finals still tied after extra-time would have had to be replayed, though this never proved necessary. If a score is still level, the winner of the game would then be awarded a penalty shootout.  Golden goal rule would have applied during extra time in 1998 and 2002, but was not put in practice either. The golden goal rule was put in place during extra-time in 1998 but was never used in practice. It was not used in either of those years, but the rule was never put into practice.  The only exception to this type of format was the 1950 World Cup, which featured a final round-robin group of four teams. The decisive match of that group is often regarded as the de facto final of that tournament. The team that wins the final receives the FIFA World Cup Trophy, and its name is engraved on the bottom of the trophy.  Of 80 different nations that have appeared in the tournament, 13 have made it to the final, and 8 have won. 13 of the 80 nations have made the final in the competition, 13 of them have won. 8 of the tournament's 80 teams have won the tournament.  Brazil are the only team that have participated in every World Cup. They are also the most successful team in the competition, having won five titles and finished second twice. Brazil have won five World Cup titles and have finished second in the tournament. They have also finished second and third in the group stages of the tournament in Brazil.  Italy and Germany have four titles each, with Germany having reached more finals than any other team, eight. Germany have reached eight finals, with Italy having reached the most finals ever. Italy have won four of their four titles, four of them at the World Cup finals.  Current champion Argentina has three titles, Uruguay and France have two each, while England and Spain have one each. Argentina has won three titles in all competitions, while Uruguay has two each. England has one each, with Spain having one, and England having one. Argentina have won three of the last four titles, with Uruguay having two.  Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Sweden, the Netherlands, Croatia and Croatia have played in the final without winning. Croatia have won four of the last five finals without a win. The Netherlands, Netherlands, Hungary and the Netherlands have also made the final appearances without winning in the finals.  Only teams from Europe (UEFA) and South America (CONMEBOL) have ever competed in the final. Only two teams from South America and Europe have ever won the final in the competition. The final was held in 2007 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.  Argentina defeated France on penalties in the latest final, staged at Qatar's Lusail Stadium in 2022. France defeated Argentina 2-1 on penalties at the World Cup in 2010. Argentina defeated Argentina 1-0 on penalties to reach Qatar's first ever World Cup final in Qatar.  \"World Cup 1930-2018\" is the name of the FIFA World Cup. List of final matches: World Cup final stadiums: FIFA Women's World Cup finals, FIFA Confederations Cup finals and AFC Asian Cup finals. List of Copa Am\u00e9rica finals: European Championship finals. list of AFC Asian and CONCACAF Gold Cup finals; list of African Cup of Nations finals.  Rec.Rec.rec.com.com is a weekly feature on CNN iReport.com. Please submit your photos of your favorite sports events for next week. Visit CNN.com/RecRec.com for more information about how to get involved in Rec.com's Recarta.  Sport. sport.Sport.com: Sport.com.uk.com. Sport.uk: Sport.com.com: Sportsmail.com/Sportsmail.com/Sport+.com: The world's best sportswapped news.com with all the latest from around the world's top sports.com stories. Soccer Statistics Foundation (RSSSF) is a member of the World Cup Statistics Foundation. Soccer Statistics Foundation is a non-member of the FIFA World Cup. Soccer's highest-ranking club in the world.Soccer statistics foundation (Soccer Stats Foundation) is based on statistics from FIFA World's top clubs.  FIFA World Cup\u2122 at FIFA.com will take place on 9 August 2018. The tournament will be held in Brazil, Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Mexico and South America. It will be the first time FIFA has hosted a World Cup in a major tournament in a country that has been hosted by FIFA. ",
  "8": " In physics, the kinetic energy of an object is the form of energy that it possesses due to its motion. In classical mechanics, kinetic energy is equal to the work needed to accelerate an object of mass m from rest to its stated velocity. It can be shown that an object's kinetic energy can be equal to its velocity.  Having gained this energy during its acceleration, the object maintains this kinetic energy unless its speed changes. This kinetic energy is carried out by the object as it accelerates. The object maintains its kinetic energy until it changes its speed at a given time. This energy can be stored by the speed of a moving object.  SI unit of kinetic energy is the joule, while the English unit is the foot-pound. English unit of energy is a foot pound. SI units of kinetic work are joules, the foot pound, and the English units of work are foot-pounds.  In relativistic mechanics, v is a good approximation of kinetic energy only when v is much less than the speed of light. The kinetic energy of a particle is best known as kinetic kinetic energy. V is an approximation of energy only if v is less than light speed. V can be defined as kinetic energy, or kinetic energy from a particle that accelerates faster.  The adjective kinetic has roots in the Greek word kinesis, meaning \"motion\" The word kinetic has its roots in Greek word \u00a0kinesis meaning motion, meaning motion. The adjective has its origins in the word kinetic, which means motion, and the adjective kinetic means motion.  The dichotomy between kinetic energy and potential energy can be traced back to Aristotle's concepts of actuality and potentiality. The principle in classical mechanics that E \u221d mv2 was first developed by Gottfried Leibniz and Johann Bernoulli, who described kinetic energy as the living force.  Willem's Gravesande of the Netherlands provided experimental evidence of this relationship in 1722. The relationship between Gravesande and Gravesande is a form of experiment. Gravesande was first published in the 1722 edition of the first edition of this edition of The Astrophysics of the Universe.  By dropping weights from different heights into a block of clay, Willem's Gravesande determined that their penetration depth was proportional to the square of their impact speed. The penetration depth of the weights is proportional to their speed of impact, Gravesande said. Gravesande's findings show that the depth of a weight dropped into a clay block was more important than its speed.  The terms kinetic energy and work in their present scientific meanings date back to the mid-19th century. \u00c9milie du Ch\u00e2telet recognized the implications of the experiment and published an explanation. The term kinetic energy is used to refer to work and kinetic energy.  Gaspard-Gustave Coriolis published a paper titled Du Calcul de l'Effet des Machines outlining the mathematics of kinetic energy in 1829. In 1829, Corioli published the paper titled \"Du Calcul de. l'Esque Machines\" in which he developed the theory of energy theory.  William Thomson, later Lord Kelvin, is given the credit for coining the term \"kinetic energy\" c. 1849\u20131851. Thomson is credited with the invention of the term 'kinetic\u00a0energy' c.1849. Thomson was later called Lord Kelvin.  Rankine introduced the term \"potential energy\" in 1853, and the phrase \"actual energy\" to complement it. William Thomson and Peter Tait substituted the word \"kinetic\" for \"actual\" Thomson cites Thomson and Tait as substituting the word 'kinetic' for 'actual' Thomson.  Energy occurs in many forms, including chemical energy, thermal energy, electromagnetic radiation, gravitational energy, electric energy, elastic energy, nuclear energy, and rest energy. Energy is also known as rest energy, rest energy and gravitational energy. It is used to refer to a variety of types of energy.  Potential energy can be categorized in two main classes: potential energy and kinetic energy. These can be classified as kinetic energy or potential energy. Potential energy is a form of kinetic energy, which can be used to generate energy from potential energy or kinetic energy. Potential energy has been defined as potential energy, kinetic energy and potential energy. kinetic energy is an energy-efficient form of energy.  Kinetic energy is the movement energy of an object. It is also known as kinetic energy.Kinetic energy can be used to move an object by kinetic energy of the object. The energy of kinetic energy is defined as movement energy. It can be applied to an object's movement energy, as well as the movement of its own energy.  Kinetic energy may be best understood by examples that demonstrate how it is transformed to and from other forms of energy.Kinetic energy can be transferred between objects and transformed into other kinds of energy. Examples of how it can be used to transfer energy from objects to other energy.  A cyclist uses chemical energy provided by food to accelerate a bicycle to a chosen speed. For example, a cyclist uses the chemical energy to accelerate his bike to a certain speed. Food can be used to accelerate cyclists to a desired speed by using chemical energy from food to boost their speed.  On a level surface, this speed can be maintained without further work, except to overcome air resistance and friction. The speed is maintained without the need to overcome friction and air resistance. On a surface surface, the speed can also be maintained on a level level surface. On such a surface, it can be kept on a top speed of up to 100mph.  The chemical energy has been converted into kinetic energy, the energy of motion, but the process is not completely efficient and produces heat within the cyclist. The process produces heat in the cyclist, but it does not work as efficient as the process does not always work as efficiently.  The kinetic energy in the moving cyclist and the bicycle can be converted to other forms. It can be used to convert kinetic energy into other forms such as cycling wheels or bicycles. The kinetic kinetic energy of the bike can also be converted into other ways of converting energy into a form of energy.  For example, the cyclist could encounter a hill just high enough to coast up, so that the bicycle comes to a complete halt at the top of the hill. The cyclist could face a hill so high that the bike can coast up to the top, or come to a stop at top.  The kinetic energy has now largely been converted to gravitational potential energy that can be released by freewheeling down the other side of the hill. The energy is now largely converted to potential energy released by gravity potential energy from the top of a hill. It is now possible to release the kinetic energy released from the hill if you want to go down the hill again.  Since the bicycle lost some of its energy to friction, it never regains all of its speed without additional pedaling. The bicycle loses all its speed to friction and never recovers all of the speed without extra pedaling. The bicycle is never able to regain its speed by pedaling again.  The energy is not destroyed; it has only been converted to another form by friction. The energy has not been destroyed, but it has been converted by friction to a new form of energy. This is the result of friction converting the energy to a form of another form.  The cyclist could connect a dynamo to one of the wheels and generate some electrical energy on the descent. Alternatively, the cyclist could use a generator to generate electricity on descent. Cyclist could also connect a\u00a0dynamo\u00a0to one of his wheels to generate electrical energy.  The bicycle would be traveling slower at the bottom of the hill than without the generator because some of the energy has been diverted into electrical energy. The generator would be used to make the bike travel slower at bottom of a hill because of the diversion of some of its energy.  Another possibility would be for the cyclist to apply the brakes, in which case the kinetic energy would be dissipated through friction as heat. The cyclist would also have to use the brakes to dissipate kinetic energy through friction in order to avoid the heat of the brakes. The brakes would also dissipate the energy of the cyclist's kinetic kinetic energy.  The kinetic energy of an object depends on the relationship between the object and the observer's frame of reference. Like any physical quantity that is a function of velocity, the kinetic energy is a result of the relationship of the object to the observer. In the case of kinetic energy, kinetic energy depends on a relationship between an object and an observer's reference frame.  Thus, kinetic energy of an object is not invariant. This is because kinetic energy is not\u00a0assistently\u00a0inductible\u00a0inherently\u00a0informally\u00a0associant. The kinetic energy\u00a0of an object can be defined as kinetic energy, or kinetic energy.  Spacecraft use chemical energy to launch and gain considerable kinetic energy to reach orbital velocity. Spacecraft launch and orbit orbit orbit around the Earth using chemical and kinetic energy. Launch and orbit are controlled by spacecraft using chemical energy and other energy sources to reach the orbit of the Earth.  In an entirely circular orbit, this kinetic energy remains constant because there is almost no friction in near-earth space. The kinetic energy in a circular orbit is constant because of no friction between the Earth and the rest of the world. In an entire circular orbit the kinetic energy is constant in the orbit of the Earth.  Some of the kinetic energy is converted to heat at re-entry. It becomes apparent when some of the energy is turned into heat. However, it is not known how much kinetic energy can be converted to heating. The heat is also converted to electricity in the solar system, according to NASA.  If the orbit is elliptical or hyperbolic, kinetic and potential energy are exchanged throughout the orbit. kinetic energy is greatest and lowest at closest approach to the earth or other massive body, while potential energy is highest at maximum distance. Potential energy is lowest at close approach to earth, while kinetic energy lowest at most distance.  Disregarding loss or gain however, the sum of the kinetic and potential energy remains constant. The sum of kinetic energy is constant, however, and the potential energy of the system remains constant, regardless of losses or gain or gain, the system is still constant, according to the study.  Kinetic energy can be passed from one object to another. It can be used to transmit kinetic energy to other objects. The energy is passed from an object to an object in a way that it can be carried out of one object. Kinetic kinetic energy can also be passed between objects in the same way.  In the game of billiards, the player imposes kinetic energy on the cue ball by striking it with the cue stick. The kinetic energy is imposed by striking the ball with a cue stick to make it hit with kinetic energy. The cue ball can be struck with the stick of the stick to create kinetic energy from the ball.  If cue ball collides with another ball, it slows down dramatically, and accelerates as kinetic energy is passed on to it. If the cue ball hits another ball it accelerates, the ball it hit accelerates. If a cue ball hit another cue ball, the kinetic energy passes on to the ball.  Collisions in billiards are effectively elastic collisions, in which kinetic energy is preserved. The kinetic energy of the collisions is preserved in elastic collisions. The collisions in billiarders are elastic collisions that preserve kinetic energy. The physics behind the collisions are the physics of the collision of the game.  Inelastic collisions, kinetic energy is dissipated in various forms of energy, such as heat, sound and binding energy (breaking bound structures) Heat and sound energy are also dissipated by sound, heat or binding energy. The energy dissipates in the collision of inelastic structures.  Flywheels have been developed as a method of energy storage. They are used as a way to store energy stored in the form of flywheels.Flywheels are being developed as an energy storage system for the future of the world's energy industry. Flywheelers are being used to store stored energy storage in a large amount of energy.  This illustrates that kinetic energy is also stored in rotational motion. This illustrates how rotational energy is stored in the rotations of rotations in rotations. This is the first time a rotational kinetic energy has been stored in a rotatorator's rotations has been recorded in a museum.  Several mathematical descriptions of kinetic energy exist that describe it in the appropriate physical situation. The kinetic energy is kinetic energy. It can be described as kinetic energy by a mathematical description of the physical situation of the kinetic energy in a given physical situation that is appropriate to the appropriate situation.  For objects and processes in common human experience, the formula \u00bdmv\u00b2 given by classical mechanics is suitable. For objects, processes and objects in common experience, it is suitable for classical mechanics to give \u00bdmV\u00b2. The formula \u00bd mv\u00b2 is also suitable for common human experiences such as human life.  If the speed of the object is comparable to light, relativistic effects become significant. However, if speed of an object is similar to light speed is not significant. If speed of object is\u00a0equivalent\u00a0to light speed of light is significant and relativistics formula is used.  If object is on the atomic or sub-atomic scale, quantum mechanical effects are significant. Quantum mechanical effects must be used in quantum models. If object has significant effects on quantum mechanical scale, a quantum mechanical model must be employed. The model is based on the model of an object on an atomic scale or subatomic scale.  Kinetic energy for non-relativistic velocity depends on relative velocity of objects compared to the fixed speed of light. Treatments of kinetic energy depend upon the relative velocity of objects. Kinetic kinetic energy is used to produce kinetic energy from objects that are not at the fixed velocity of light at all.  Speeds experienced directly by humans are non-relativisitic. Higher speeds require the theory of relativity to be able to travel at higher speeds. The speed of humans is non-Relativiisitic, but higher speeds require relativity theory to exist. People can travel at speeds of up to 100mph.  In classical mechanics, the kinetic energy of a point object (an object so small that its mass can be assumed to exist at one point), or a non-rotating rigid body, depends on the mass of the body as well as its speed. The kinetic energy is based on the speed of a rigid body and its mass.  kinetic energy is equal to 1/2 the product of the mass and the square of the speed. The kinetic energy of a vehicle is 1.2\u00a0equivalent\u00a0to the\u00a0product of the\u00a0mass and the\u00a0square\u00a0of the speed of the vehicle.  In formula form: The mass and velocity of the body is the speed (magnitude of the velocity) The speed (velvelvelment) of a person is the mass and the velocity (velocity) of that body. The formula is based on the number of people who have a body mass.  In SI units, mass is measured in kilograms, speed in metres per second, and the resulting kinetic energy is in joules. The kinetic energy of mass is also measured in meters per second and kilogrammes per kilogram. In SI, mass, speed, speed and kinetic energy are measured in kilometers per second.  The kinetic energy of an 80 kg mass (about 180 lbs) traveling at 18 metres per second (about 40 mph, or 65 km/h) is calculated. When a person throws a ball, the person does work on it to give it speed as it leaves the hand.  The moving ball can then hit something and push it, doing work on what it hits. It can then push it to hit something, pushing it to the top of the ball. The ball is then pushed by the ball to try and get it back on the ground again.  The kinetic energy of a moving object is equal to the work required to bring it from rest to that speed. An object doubling its speed has four times as much kinetic energy as doubling the speed of a doubling speed. Since the kinetic energy increases with the square of the speed, an object doubling speed has more kinetic energy.  For example, a car traveling twice as fast as another requires four times as much distance to stop, assuming a constant braking force. The braking force is based on the speed of cars traveling at twice as much as another at twice the speed limit to stop. The force of braking forces can also be applied to cars traveling faster than one at a faster rate of up to four times faster.  As a consequence of this quadrupling, it takes four times the work to double the speed. As a result of the quadrupling of this work, the speed is quadrupled to quadruple the work needed to double it. The work is now four times faster than the speed of the previous generation of cars.  The kinetic energy of an object is related to its kinetic energy. It is related by its kinetic kinetic energy to its energy of a given object. An object's kinetic energy can be related to the energy of its own kinetic energy, such as energy from its own source. The kinetic energies of objects are related to their kinetic energy and energy. ",
  "9": " An electric vehicle (EV) is a vehicle that uses one or more electric motors for propulsion. An EV is an electric vehicle with a single electric motor. An electric motor can be used to propel a vehicle in an electric car or an electric motor to a vehicle. An EV can be driven by a combination of two electric motors.  It can be powered by a collector system, with electricity from extravehicular sources, or by autonomously powered autonomously by a battery. It can also be charged by solar panels, or converted by converting fuel to electricity using fuel cells or a generator. It is powered by collector system or by autonomous systems.  EVs include but not limited to road and rail vehicles, and broadly can also include electric boat and underwater vessels (submersibles, and technically also diesel- and turbo-electric submarines), electric aircraft and electric spacecraft. EVs can also be used in cars, planes, boats and spacecraft.  Electric road vehicles include electric passenger cars, electric buses, electric trucks and personal transporters such as electric buggy, electric tricycles, electric bicycles and electric motorcycles/scooters. Electric passenger cars include electric buses and electric trucks. Electric motorbikes include electric bicycles, electric bikes, electric motorcycles and electric scooters.  Electric vehicles form a future vision of transportation called Connected, Autonomous, Shared and Electric (CASE) mobility. Together with other emerging automotive technologies such as autonomous driving, connected vehicles and shared mobility, they form a vision of future mobility. Electric vehicles first came into existence in the late 19th century, when the Second Industrial Revolution brought forth electrification.  Using electricity was among the preferred methods for motor vehicle propulsion as it provides a level of quietness, comfort and ease of operation that could not be achieved by the gasoline engine cars of the time. Range anxiety due to the limited energy storage offered by contemporary battery technologies hindered any mass adoption of private electric vehicles throughout the 20th century.  Electricity-powered locomotion remained commonplace in other vehicle types, such as overhead line-powered mass transit vehicles like electric trains, trams, monorails and trolley buses. Small, low-speed, short-range battery-powered personal vehicles such as mobility scooters.  Hybrid electric vehicles became more widespread in the late 1990s. Electric motors are used as a supplementary propulsion to internal combustion engines. Hybrid electric vehicles are increasingly common in the U.S. and Europe. Electric motor power systems are used in hybrid electric vehicles, with electric motors being used as propulsion to engines.  Plug-in hybrid electric vehicles did not see any mass production until the late 2000s. Battery electric cars did not become practical options for the consumer market until the 2010s. Plug in hybrid electric cars were not seen until the mid-2000s, and battery electric cars didn't become practical until the next decade.  Government incentives to increase adoption were first introduced by Norway in 1990, followed by larger markets in the 2000s, including in the United States and the European Union, leading to a growing market for vehicles in the 2010s. The U.S. and European Union have also introduced incentives to encourage more adoption of vehicles.  Public interest and awareness and structural incentives are expected to greatly increase the electric vehicle market. These are being built into the green recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic pandemic, such as those being built in the green recoveries from the greenhouse gas pandemic. Electric vehicle market is expected to grow in the coming years.  Lockdowns reduced the number of greenhouse gases in gasoline or diesel vehicles during the COVID-19 pandemic. Lockdowns also reduced greenhouse gas emissions in gasoline and diesel vehicles. Lockdowns reduce greenhouse gas levels in gasoline, diesel vehicles. Lockdowns reduce greenhouse gases during the pandemic of the greenhouse gases.  The International Energy Agency has stated that governments should do more to meet climate goals, including policies for heavy electric vehicles. The IEA has said that governments need to do more in order to meet the goals of the IEA to meet more climate goals. Heavy electric vehicles could be among the vehicles to be banned in the U.S.  14% of all new cars sold in 2022 will be electric, up from 9% in 2021 and less than 5% in 2020. A total of 14% new cars will be powered by electric in 2022, according to the report. That's a rise from just 9% of new cars in 2021 to 14% in 2022.  Electric vehicle sales may increase from 1% of the global share in 2016 to more than 35% by 2030.Electric vehicle sales will increase from one% of global share to 35% in 2030, according to experts. Electric vehicles could be used in more than half of the world\u2019s electric cars.  As of July 2022 the global EV market size was $280 billion and was expected to grow to $1 trillion by 2026. The EV market is expected to reach $1 billion by 2022, according to the report. The global EV EV market was predicted to reach a $1trillion by the end of 2022.  Much of this growth is expected in markets like North America, Europe, and China. A literature review suggested that growth in the use of four-wheeled electric vehicles appears economically unlikely in developing economies, but growth in electric two-wheeler and three-wheelers is likely.  At more than 20%, two/three-wheelers are already the most electrified road transport segment today. Two/three wheelers are projected to continue being the largest EV fleet among all transport modes. At over 20%, two-wheeler vehicles are the most electric vehicles in the world.  Bloomberg reports that in 2023, 292,423,403 bicycles and tricycles will be sold, representing 49% of the total market. Bloomberg: In 2023 there will be more than 292,000 bicycles sold, and more than 1.4 billion bicycles sold in the world.  666,479 buses were sold, with 38% of the market, and 26,583,856 passenger cars at 14% of sales. 965,442 vans and trucks were sold with 3% sales. 666,000 buses sold, and 666,500 buses sold.  Hungarian priest \u00c1nyos Jedlik built the first crude but viable electric motor, which used a stator, rotor, and commutator. The next year he used it to power a small car. The first electric motor was built in 1827 in Hungary.  Between 1832 and 1839, Robert Anderson of Scotland invented the first crude electric carriage, powered by non-rechargeable primary cells. In 1835, professor Sibrandus Stratingh of the University of Groningen, in the Netherlands, built a small-scale electric car.  Thomas Davenport built a toy electric locomotive powered by a primitive electric motor in 1835. The toy locomotive was powered by an electric motor. It was built by a blacksmith and inventor from 1835 in New York City, New York, New Jersey.  In 1838, a Scotsman named Robert Davidson built an electric locomotive that attained a speed of four miles per hour (6 km/h) The locomotive was built by Davidson in 1838. Davidson built a locomotive with a top speed of 4mph (6km)  In 1840, a patent was granted in England for the use of rails as conductors of electric current. Similar American patents were issued to Lilley and Colten in 1847. In 1847, similar American patents issued for similar use of rail conductors in the United States.  The first mass-produced electric vehicles appeared in America in the early 1900s. Electric vehicles first appeared in the U.S. in the mid-century. Electric cars were first mass produced in the United States in the 1920s and 1930s. The first electric cars were made in the 1930s and 1940s.  In 1902, the Studebaker Automobile Company entered the automotive business with electric vehicles, though it also entered the gasoline vehicles market in 1904. In 1904, the company entered gasoline vehicles in the gasoline vehicle market. The company entered the electric vehicle market in 1902 with electric cars.  Electric trains gained immense popularity due to their economies and achievable speeds. However, with the advent of cheap assembly line cars by Ford Motor Company, the popularity of electric cars declined significantly. Due to lack of electricity grids and the limitations of storage batteries at that time, electric cars did not gain much popularity.  By the 20th century, electric rail transport became commonplace due to advances in the development of electric locomotives. Electric rail transport was commonplace in the early 1900s due to the advances of electric trains. Electric trains were first introduced to the railways in the 1930s and 1940s.  Over time their general-purpose commercial use reduced to specialist roles as platform trucks, forklift trucks, ambulances, tow tractors, and urban delivery vehicles, such as the iconic British milk float. Over time they were used to be used as platforms trucks and forklift\u00a0tractors\u00a0and urban delivery\u00a0vehicles.  For most of the 20th century, the UK was the world's largest user of electric road vehicles. Electrified trains were used for coal transport, as the motors did not use the valuable oxygen in the mines. The UK was also the largest use of electric vehicles in the world.  Switzerland's lack of natural fossil resources forced the rapid electrification of their rail network. Switzerland is the only country in the world without natural fossil fuel sources. Switzerland's rail network was electrified by electrifying its electrified rail network in the 1970s and 1980s. Switzerland has the highest level of electrification in history.  One of the earliest rechargeable batteries \u2013 the nickel-iron battery \u2013 was favored by Edison for use in electric cars. Edison favored the nickel iron battery in the development of electric cars in the 1930s. Edison's invention of the battery was first developed in the 1920s in the early 1900s.  EVs were among the earliest automobiles, and before the preeminence of light, powerful internal combustion engines (ICEs), electric automobiles held many vehicle land speed and distance records in the early 1900s. EVs had land speed records for land speed, distance and speed records.  They were produced by Baker Electric, Columbia Electric, Detroit Electric, and others. At one point in history, they outsold gasoline-powered vehicles. Electric cars were produced in the 1930s and 1940s. Electric vehicles were produced for the first time in the history of the electric car industry.  In 1900, 28 percent of the cars on the road in the US were electric. The majority of cars in the U.S. were electric cars. In 1900 the majority of all electric cars were on the roads in the United States. The first electric car made in 1900, the first was an electric car, and the second was a steam locomotive.  Milburn Electrics covered 60\u201370 miles (100\u2013110 km) per charge. President Woodrow Wilson toured Washington D.C. in their Milburn Electric Cars. Even President Wilson and his secret service agents toured Washington in their vehicles. Milburns Electrics were so popular that even President Wilson visited Washington in his car.  Electric trucks were an established niche well into the 1920s. Most producers of passenger cars opted for gasoline cars in the first decade of the 20th century. Electric trucks became a niche in the early 20s, with electric trucks being established in the 1930s. The first electric truck company to build electric cars was built in 1925. The company went on to develop electric trucks in the mid-century of the century.  A number of developments contributed to a decline in the popularity of electric cars. The number of electric vehicles has declined in the past few years. Electric cars are now being driven by a range of low-cost electric cars and high-performance models. The popularity of the electric cars has declined by more than a quarter of a year.  The discovery of large reserves of petroleum in Texas, Oklahoma, and California led to the wide availability of affordable gasoline/petrol, making internal combustion powered cars cheaper to operate over long distances. Improved road infrastructure required a greater range than that offered by electric cars, and the discovery of petroleum reserves in Texas and Oklahoma led to greater range.  Electric vehicles were not seldom marketed as a women's luxury car, which may have been a stigma among male consumers. Electric cars were often marketed as women's cars. Electric vehicles may have had a stigma of male consumers, according to reports.Electric vehicles were rarely marketed as men's luxury cars.  In 1912, Charles Kettering invented the invention of the electric starter, which eliminated the need of a hand crank for starting a gasoline engine. The muffler was invented by Hiram Percy Maxim in 1897, and the noise emitted by ICE cars became more bearable thanks to the use of the muffler.  As roads are improved outside urban areas, electric vehicle range could not compete with the ICE. Electric vehicle range is not enough to compete with electric vehicles, say experts. As roads were improved, electric vehicles will not be able to compete in cities, they say. Electric vehicles will be more powerful than electric cars in cities such as New York and Washington.  National City Lines, a partnership of General Motors, Firestone, and Standard Oil of California, purchased many electric tram networks across the country to dismantle them and replace them with GM buses. Henry Ford's mass production of gasoline-powered vehicles by Henry Ford in 1913 reduced significantly the cost of gasoline cars as compared to electric cars.  Partnership was convicted of conspiring to monopolize the sale of equipment and supplies to their subsidiary companies. The partnership was acquitted of conspiring\u00a0to monopolize\u00a0the provision of transportation services, but was acquitted\u00a0of conspiring to\u00a0convenience\u00a0to provide equipment\u00a0and supplies to\u00a0subsidiary\u00a0companies.  Copenhagen Summit was held in the midst of a severe observable climate change brought on by human-made greenhouse gas emissions in 2009. The Copenhagen Summit took place in 2009 during a severe climate change in the United States. The summit was held at the end of the first year of the Copenhagen Summit.  During the summit, more than 70 countries developed plans to eventually reach net zero. The summit was held in New York City, New York, on March 28. More than 70 nations developed plans for net zero to reach zero in the world's first net net zero economy. The U.N. estimates that net zero will be reached by 2050.  For many countries, adopting more EVs will help reduce the use of gasoline. Adoption of more electric vehicles is key to reducing the need for gasoline in the U.S. For more information, visit CNN.com/electronic-vehicle-freezing.com.  In January 1990, General Motors President introduced its EV concept two-seater, the \"Impact\", at the Los Angeles Auto Show. The concept car was the first time an electric car has been driven by an electric motorist. The car was developed in the 1970s and 1980s.  California Air Resources Board mandated major-automaker sales of EVs in phases starting in 1998. That September, the board mandated major automakers to sell electric cars in the state. The board also mandated major manufacturers to sell the cars in phase-in-phase sales in the 1990s.  From 1996 to 1998 GM produced 1117 EV1s, 800 of which were made available through three-year leases. Chrysler, Ford, GM, Honda, and Toyota also produced limited numbers of EVs for California drivers during this time period. From 1996-1998 GM made 1117 EVs available through 3-year lease deals.  In 2003, upon the expiration of GM's EV1 leases, GM discontinued them. GM discontinued the EV1 in 2003. The EV1 was discontinued by GM in 2003, following the end of the leases. GM also discontinued their EV1 lease sales in 2003 after the lease expired.  The discontinuation has variously been attributed to: The auto industry's successful federal court challenge to California's zero-emissions vehicle mandatat. The decision to discontinue the discontinuation is variously attributed to the success of the auto industry in the U.S. industry. ",
  "10": " Symmetric-key algorithms are algorithms for cryptography that use the same cryptographic keys for both the encryption of plaintext and the decryption of ciphertext. They are used for both encryption and decryption, and for both encrypting and decrypting plaintext. The algorithms are known as the \"symmetric key algorithms\"  The keys may be identical, or there may be a simple transformation to go between the two keys. The keys are identical or the keys are different keys. There may also be a transformation between the keys and the keys of the keys to switch between keys and keys. A simple transformation can be used to switch keys.  The keys, in practice, represent a shared secret between two or more parties that can be used to maintain a private information link. The keys are used to keep a private link between two parties and maintain the link between them. Keywords are shared secrets that are shared between parties and can be shared in practice.  The requirement that both parties have access to the secret key is one of the main drawbacks of symmetric-key encryption, in comparison to public key encryption (also known as asymmetric key encryption) The requirement for both parties to be able to use the same secret key as the public-key key is also a drawback of asymmetric encryption.  symmetric-key encryption algorithms are usually better for bulk encryption. However, symmetric key encryption algorithms usually are more secure than symmetric encryption algorithms. The encryption algorithm is usually used in bulk encryption, but not for bulk encrypting data. The algorithm is known to be better for encrypting bulk encryption than other encryption methods.  With exception of the one-time pad they have a smaller key size. Small key size means less storage space and faster transmission. Smaller key sizes mean faster transmission and smaller storage space. With exception to the one time pad, they have smaller key sizes and smaller keys sizes.  Asymmetric-key encryption is often used to exchange the secret key for symmetric encryption. Due to this, asymmetric key is often exchanged with symmetric key to get the same encryption key as the key used in symmetric-Key encryption. The key key is exchanged for the key to the encryption of the encryption key.  Symmetric-key encryption can use either stream or block ciphers. The type of encryption can be used to encrypt the digits (typically bytes) or letters of a message one at a time. The types of encryption are different from block or stream cipher.  An example is ChaCha20.20. An example of ChaChA20.com. Cha20 is an acronym for a group of people who use the word \"changa20\" in Chinese slang. Cha 20 is a Chinese slang word for slang slang slang.  Block ciphers take a number of bits and encrypt them in a single unit, padding the plaintext to achieve a multiple of the block size. Substitution cipheries can be easily decrypted using a frequency table. Block cipher is well-known, but can be decrypted easily using frequency tables.  The Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) algorithm uses 128-bit blocks. The algorithm was approved by NIST in December 2001. The AES algorithm is based on NIST's algorithm, approved by the U.S. National Institute for Encryption. NIST approved the AES algorithm in 2001.  Examples of symmetric-key algorithms include Twofish, Serpent, AES (Rijndael), Camellia, Salsa20, ChaCha20, Blowfish, CAST5, Kuznyechik, RC4, DES, 3DES, Skipjack, Safer and IDEA.  Symmetric ciphers are commonly used to achieve other cryptographic primitives than just encryption. Encrypting a message does not guarantee that it will remain unchanged while encrypted. Use as a cryptographic primitive doesn't guarantee that a message will stay unchanged while encryption is encrypted.  A message authentication code is added to a ciphertext to ensure that changes to the ciphertext will be noted by the receiver. It is often used in ciphertext messages to ensure changes are noted by a receiver. The authentication code has been added to the encrypted ciphertext.  Message authentication codes can be constructed from AEAD cipher (e.g. AEAD) AEAD codes can also be used to send messages to the recipient of a message authentication code. AEAD messages can be built from an AEAD code or a cipher that can be used for authentication.  AES-GCM. (GCM) is a member of the U.S. Geological Survey of the United States. It is based in Washington, D.C. and D.A. Washington, DC.gov.gov. (DCG) has been awarded a U.N. Geological Council award of $1,000,000.  symmetric ciphers cannot be used for non-repudiation purposes except by involving additional parties. symmetric encryption is a symmetric cipher that can only be used by a party or two parties. However, it can be used only if the parties involved are involved in the use of symmetric cryptography.  See the ISO/IEC 13888-2 standard for more information on the ISO-IEC standard. See the standard for the standard used by the ISO and IEC-13888 standard in the U.S. See www.IEC13888.2 for more details about the standard.  Another application is to build hash functions from block ciphers. Block hash functions can also be used to build cryptographic hash functions. Block Ciphers can be used for cryptographic purposes in the U.S. block codes to solve cryptographic problems. Block codes can be built from block codes in block codes or block codes.  See one-way compression function for descriptions of several such methods. One-way-compression function is one of several ways to compress the length of a compression function. See one way-compressability function for details of several compression methods. Use one way compression function to compress compressibly compressively compressibly.  Many modern block ciphers are based on a construction proposed by Horst Feistel. Modern block ciphhers are also based on the construction of symmetric ciphereds. The construction was first proposed in 1883 by the German architect of the first block cipher.  Feistel's construction makes it possible to build invertible functions from other functions that are themselves not invertibles. Feistels' construction means it is possible to make invertable functions from functions that do not have the same invertic function as invertorial functions.  Symmetric ciphers have historically been susceptible to known-plaintext attacks, chosen-plain text attacks, differential cryptanalysis and linear cryptanalysis. They are susceptible to different types of attacks, such as differential cryptanalysts, linear cryptanalyzers and known-plattext attacks.  Careful construction of the functions for each round can greatly reduce the chances of a successful attack. A successful attack can also be avoided by careful construction of each round's functions. The most important function is the ability to control the functions of each attack. The functions of a game can be used to attack in order to avoid a failure of attack.  It is possible to increase the key length or the rounds in the encryption process to better protect against attack. It is also possible to make it harder to attack using a key length of the encryption key or rounds to protect against attacks. The encryption process can also be increased by the length of a key or number of rounds.  Most modern symmetric-key algorithms appear to be resistant to the threat of post-quantum cryptography. This, however, tends to increase the processing power and decrease the speed at which the process runs due to the amount of operations the system needs to do. This, though, also tends to decrease the power of the system.  Quantum computers would exponentially increase the speed at which these ciphers can be decoded. Grover's algorithm would take the square-root of the time traditionally required for a brute-force attack. However, these vulnerabilities can be compensated for by doubling key length. The vulnerabilities are compensated by doubling the key length of the key.  A 128 bit cipher would not be secure against such an attack as it would reduce the time required to test all possible iterations from over 10 quintillion years to about six months. For example, a 128 bit AES cipher would be less secure than an attack on such a cipher.  By contrast, it would still take a quantum computer the same amount of time to decode a 256 bit AES cipher as it would a conventional computer to decrypt a 128 bit cipher. Quantum computers still take the same time as conventional computers to decode 256 bit cipher as they do 128 bit AES.  For this reason, AES-256 is believed to be \"quantum resistant\" for quantum computing. For the same reason, it is said to be resistant to quantum computing in the form of encryption. AES-128-128 encryption means encryption is encrypted and decryption is encrypted.  Symmetric-key algorithms require both the sender and the recipient of a message to have the same secret key. The algorithm is called a \"symmetric key\" and a \"key key\" that is shared by both sender and recipient of the message. The key is shared between the recipient and the sender of a secret key to a message.  Early cryptographic systems required either the sender or the recipient to somehow receive a copy of that secret key over a physically secure channel. All early systems required the recipient of a secret key to receive it over a physical secure channel, such as the sender and recipient of the key. The key is a key to a cryptographic system that can only be shared by the recipient.  Modern cryptographic systems still use symmetric-key algorithms internally to encrypt the bulk of the messages. Diffie\u2013Hellman key exchange or some other public-key protocol to securely come to agreement on a fresh new secret key for each session/conversation (forward secrecy)  pseudorandom key generators are nearly always used to generate symmetric cipher session keys. They are used with asymmetric ciphers for key transfer. Pseurandom generators are used for symmetric encryption. They can also be used for key generation of symmetric encrypted messages.  Lack of randomness in generators or in their initialization vectors has led to cryptanalytic breaks in the past. However, randomness is not guaranteed in generators and can lead to cryptanalysis breaks in cryptanalysis. The generators can be used to generate algorithms for cryptanalysts to try and break cryptanalytics.  It is essential that an implementation use a source of high entropy for its initialization. Therefore, it is essential to an implementation that uses a high entropy source for its initial initialization. It is also essential for an implementation of an implementation to use high entropy sources for its\u00a0initiation.  Reciprocal cipher is a reciprocal cipher where one enters the plaintext into the same place in the system to get the ciphertext. A reciprocal cipher is where one could enter the cipher text into a place where the plain text is entered into the system in the same way to get plaintext. The ciphertext is a cipher where just as one enters a cipher, one could get the same plaintext from the system.  A reciprocal cipher is also sometimes referred as self-reciprocal cipher. Practically all mechanical cipher machines implement a reciprocal cipher. It is a mathematical involution on each typed-in letter, and is also known as a reciprocity cipher. The cipher machine is often called a \"referredatory cipher\" or a \"self-recipient cipher\"  Instead of designing two kinds of machines, one for encrypting and one for decrypting, all the machines can be identical and can be set up (keyed) the same way. Examples of reciprocal ciphers include: Atbash cipher, Beaufort cipher and Enigma machine. Marie Antoinette and Axel von Fersen communicated with self-reciprocal cipher.  Porta polyalphabetic cipher is self-reciprocal. The Porta cryptonymic cipher is a self-resembled cipher. It is the first time a cipher has been used in a cryptonymical cipher. The cipher is known as Porta, the Porta algorithm.  The majority of all modern ciphers can be classified as either a stream cipher or block cipher. Most of them use a reciprocal XOR cipher combiner, or a Feistel cipher or Lai\u2013Massey scheme with a reciprocal transformation in each round. Most of these are either stream cipher, most of which use a reciprocity XOR. == Notes: The author of a book called \"Citizen of the World\" was born in 2007. The book was published in 2007 and 2008. The author's book is published in New York, New York and London, England, with a number of other titles: \"Citizens of America\" and \"The World\". ",
  "11": " These lists give the states of primary affiliation and of birth for each president of the United States. Each president was born in the U.S. President George W. Bush was the first president to be elected to the presidency. Each state has a primary affiliation of each president, the state where he was born.  Twenty-one states have the distinction of being the birthplace of a president. President Barack Obama was born in Washington, D.C. State of Columbia, Georgia, Arkansas, Indiana, Kentucky, Arkansas and South Carolina. President George W. Bush was the president of the South Carolina state.  Andrew Jackson was born in 1767 in Waxhaw, South Carolina, along their common border. North and South Carolina (British colonies at the time) both lay claim to Andrew Jackson. Jackson's birth state is in dispute; North and S.C. both claim to Jackson.  The term Virginia dynasty is sometimes used to describe the fact that four of the first five U.S. presidents were from Virginia. Martin Van Buren was the first president born an American citizen (and not a British subject) He considered South Carolina as his birth state.  The number of presidents per state in which they were born, counting Jackson as being from South Carolina, are:\u00a0One: Arkansas, California, Connecticut, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Kentucky,  Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, and Vermont. Two: North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Texas, Vermont; four: Massachusetts; five: New York; seven: Ohio; eight: Virginia;.  In instances where a physical structure is absent, a monument or roadside marker has been erected to denote the site's historic significance. In some instances, the site has been marked with a marker or a monument to denote its historic significance, such as a memorial to the Civil War era.  All sites in the table below are listed in the National Register of Historic Places. All sites are listed on the list of historic landmarks. The sites are located in the United States and Canada. The list is also included in a list of sites listed in historic American landmarks.  A dramatic shift in childbirth from home to hospital occurred in the United States in the early 20th century (mid\u20131920s to 1940) The shift in home-to-hospital childbirth took place in the U.S. in the mid-20s to mid-30s.  All presidents born during and after World War II (Bill Clinton and every president since) have been born in a hospital, not a private residence. Jimmy Carter and all presidents born in the 1950s and '60s were born at a hospital. All presidents since Bill Clinton were born in hospitals, not private residences.  This sortable table is ordered by the presidents' birthdates. The table is based on the birth dates of the presidents and presidents of the United States and Canada. The president's birthdates are listed in order by the order of each country's presidents and vice presidents.  A list of U.S. presidents includes the state with which each was primarily affiliated or most closely associated with, due to residence, professional career, and electoral history. The list includes the states of primary affiliation, political affiliation, residence, career, career and political affiliation.  A list of U.S. presidents grouped by primary state of residence and birth, with priority given to residence. Presidents by state of primary affiliation and birth are grouped by birth, residence, birth, and residence. The list is based on state of state of birth, birth and residence, as well as birth.  Only 19 out of the 50 states are represented in the U.S. Only 19 are represented by 19 states, including New Jersey, Illinois, Texas, Delaware, Indiana, Ohio, Georgia, Georgia and Texas. Only 19 of 50 states have representation in the country's largest city.  Presidents with an asterisk (*) did not primarily reside in their respective birth states. They were not born in the state listed below. The asterisk indicates that they were not primarily born in their birth states as they did not live in those that did not reside in those states.  American Presidents Sites \u2013 Discover Our Shared Heritage Travel Itinerary from the National Park Service. Visit the sites for a travel itinerary of American Presidents and American Presidents. Visit these sites for more information on how to travel around the world. Visit our travelitaries on CNN.com/Travel+. ",
  "12": " Citizenship of the United States is a legal status that entails Americans with specific rights, duties, protections, and benefits in the U.S. Citizenship is a form of citizenship that entails specific rights and duties. Citizenship means citizens with specific duties, duties and protections in United States.  There are two primary sources of citizenship: birthright citizenship and naturalization. Birthright citizenship is a foundation of fundamental rights derived from and protected by the Constitution and laws of the United States. Not all citizens have the right to vote in all federal elections, for example, those living in Puerto Rico.  The Citizenship Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution reads: All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the U.S. and of the State wherein they reside. The citizenship clause is specified in the Citizenship Clause.  The second is provided for in U.S. law, provided for by the law of the U.N. State of the Law of the Constitution. The law provides for the first time in the United States to provide for the second time in a U.K. state of law.  The power to establish a \"uniform rule of naturalization\" is granted explicitly to Congress. Article One of the Constitution grants Congress the power to set up the rule. The power is granted to Congress by Article One, Article One is Article One. The rule was established by Congress in 1903.  United States law permits multiple citizenship. The law allows multiple citizenship in the U.S. United States to have multiple citizenship. The law also permits citizenship for non-citizenship holders in the United States of all ages of age of 18 and 21. United States has the right to have citizenship for multiple citizenship purposes.  Citizens of other countries who are naturalized as U.S. citizens may retain their previous citizenship. They must renounce allegiance to the other country, although they must also renounce their previous allegiance to that country. Citizens of the United States can also retain citizenship of other citizens of other nations.  A United States citizen retains United States citizenship when becoming a citizen of another country, should that country's laws allow it. A U.S. citizen retains his citizenship when he becomes a foreign citizen. A citizen of the United States can also become a foreign-born citizen of a foreign country.  United States citizenship can be renounced by Americans via a formal procedure at a United States embassy. National citizenship signifies membership in the country as a whole. State citizenship, in contrast, signifies a relation between a person and a particular state and has application generally limited to domestic matters.  State citizenship may affect tax decisions, eligibility for some state-provided benefits such as higher education, and eligibility for state political posts such as U.S. senator. Citizenship may also affect eligibility for higher education and higher education benefits. State citizenship is a key part of the United States Constitution.  At the time of the American Civil War, state citizenship assumed a much increased importance when it was widely deemed to have a prior claim over the citizens' loyalty in the seceding Southern states. State citizenship assumed an increased importance during the Civil War. It was widely seen as having a claim over citizens of the Southern states' loyalty.  Rights, duties, and benefits are rights, duties and benefits. They include freedom to reside, freedom to work and freedom to live and work. Rights include freedom of residence, freedom of freedom of movement and freedom of choice. Rights are a human right to freedom of life, freedom for freedom of expression and freedom for life.  United States citizens have the right to reside and work in the United States. Citizens have a right to live, work and reside in the U.S. United States is a state of origin for all citizens living in the country of origin. United States citizenship is a form of residence that allows citizens to work and live in the US.  Certain non-citizens, such as lawful permanent residents, have similar rights to citizens. Non-citizens may have the right taken away from certain citizens, unlike citizens, may not have the same rights as citizens. The right to vote in the United States is a constitutional right.  For example, they may be deported if convicted of a serious crime. They may also have to face deportation if they are found guilty of serious crimes. They could be deported from the United States if they were convicted of any serious crime, such as murder or drug abuse. They will not be allowed to return to their native country if convicted.  Freedom to enter and leave the United States. Freedom of Entry is a key part of the U.S. Constitution. Freedom means freedom of entry to the United Nations. Freedom to leave the country is a fundamental part of American life. Freedom of travel is a vital part of America's identity.  United States citizens have the right to enter and leave the United States freely. Citizens of the U.S. have a right to freely enter the country to leave the country. Citizens have the ability to enter, leave, and enter the US without fear of persecution. The United States is a nation of citizens who have a free right to travel freely.  Certain non-citizens, such as permanent residents, have similar rights. Permanent residents also have the right to be a permanent resident of the U.S. The U.N. has similar rights to non-citizen citizens in certain areas of the United States. The United States is one of the world's most populous countries.  United States citizens do not have an obligation to maintain residence in the United States. They can leave for any length of time and return freely at any time. Unlike permanent residents, U.S. citizens are not required to be permanent residents of the country. They are allowed to leave the country for any amount of time.  Citizens can vote for federal office in all fifty states and the District of Columbia. Voting is restricted to citizens only in all 50 states and D.C. Only citizens are allowed to vote in the United States. The U.S. Senate is the only chamber of democracy in the nation to vote for president.  States are not required to extend the franchise to all citizens. Several states bar citizen felons from voting, even after they have completed any custodial sentence. Some states bar felons even from voting even after completing any prison sentence. States are free to extend voting rights to citizens of all ages.  The United States Constitution bars states from restricting citizens from voting on grounds of race, color, previous condition of servitude, sex, failure to pay any tax, or age. The Constitution prohibits states from limiting citizens voting based on race or color. States can also restrict citizens based on age, race, race or sex, previous conditions of service, sex or previous condition for servitude.  Many states and local jurisdictions have allowed non-citizens to vote. Today, this is limited to local elections in very few places. Non-citizens are allowed to vote in the United States for the first time in the past. Noncitizens are limited to voting in the majority of the U.S.  Citizens are not compelled to vote in the United States. They are not required to do so to vote. Citizens should not be compelled to participate in the voting process, officials say. Citizens are allowed to choose their own choices, not to vote for the president or not for the country.  Freedom to stand for public office is freedom to exercise freely in public office. Freedom of standing is freedom of standing for a candidate for office. Freedom of stand-in-art is freedom for candidates for office, not a political party. Freedom to exercise free speech is a key part of the American Dream.  The United States Constitution requires that all members of the United States House of Representatives have been citizens for seven years, before taking office. The Constitution also requires that members of Congress be citizens for nine years before they take office. Members of the U.S. House and Senate must be citizens of their respective countries for a period of nine years.  Most states have similar requirements: for example California requires that legislators have been citizens for three years, and the Governor has been a citizen for five years, upon taking office. Most states require citizens to be citizens for 3 years and 5 years, with the Governor for 5 years.  The United States Constitution requires that one be \"a natural born Citizen\" and a United States resident for fourteen years in order to be president of the United States or vice president. One must be a natural born citizen and a U.S. resident for 14 years to be a presidential candidate.  The Constitution also stipulates that otherwise eligible citizens must meet certain age requirements for these offices. The Constitution says otherwise eligible citizen must meet these age requirements. Other eligible citizens also have to meet age requirements to hold office posts in order to be eligible for the office of any senator or congressman.  Right to apply for federal employment can be applied for a job in the U.S. It is not the first time you have applied for an award for a federal job. Click here for more information on the benefits of applying for federal jobs in the United States. Click here to find out more.  Many federal government jobs require applicants to have U.S. citizenship. Federal government jobs often require citizenship for many of them. Many of the jobs require citizenship to be in the United States, including in the U.N. citizenship of the applicant's native U.C. citizens.  United States citizens can apply for federal employment within a government agency or department. U.S. citizens can also apply to federal employment in government agencies or departments. The application process is required to be completed by a federal judge or a federal agency. The process begins at the beginning of the application process.  Jury duty is only imposed upon citizens. Jury duty is not required to be performed by citizens. The jury is only required to perform its duties in accordance with the wishes of the law. The jury can only be found guilty of a single act of criminal negligence or negligence.  Jury duty may be considered the \"sole differential obligation\" between non-citizens and citizens. Federal and state courts\u00a0uniformly\u00a0exclude\u00a0non-citizens from jury pools today. Jury duty is considered the only differential obligation between citizens and non-citizen citizens.  Conscription of men has been in place at various times (both in war and in peace) in American history, most recently during the Vietnam War. Military participation is not currently required in the United States, but a policy of conscription is in place in the U.S.  Currently, the United States Armed Forces are a professional all-volunteer force. Both male United States citizens and male non-citizen permanent residents are required to register with the Selective Service System. Permanent residents permanent residents may be called up in the event of a future draft.  Johns Hopkins University political scientist Benjamin Ginsberg writes, \"The professional military has limited the need for citizen soldiers\", Ginsberg says. Ginsberg also writes that the professional military have limited the use of citizen soldiers in the armed forces to protect the nation's citizens. The military has also limited the number of citizens in the military, Ginsberg argues.  Taxes.com: Tax rates.org.gov.uk: Tax dollars.com. Tax rates are based on personal data.com and other tax-free living expenses.com.org. For more information, visit http://www.tax.com/taxescom.uk/report.com.  In the United States today, everyone except those whose income is derived from tax-exempt revenue (Subchapter N, Section 861 of the U.S. Tax Code) is required to file a federal income tax return. Everyone except those who have income from tax exempt revenue (Section 861) must file a return.  U.S. citizens are subject to federal income tax on worldwide income regardless of their country of residence. U.K. citizens subject to tax on global income tax regardless of residence in the United States. The tax is based on the amount of income earned per person living in each country and their residence.  Census. Census.Census.com: Census.gov.gov.: Census.com.gov: 2010 census.com/2010/2011/2011. Census data: Census data.com shows that the country's population grew in 2007 and 2008. Census figures show that the nation's population now has a larger share of the population.  A response to the decennial United States census is mandated by Article I, Section 2 of the United States Constitution and by Title 13 of the U.S. Code of all residents. Census responses to the census are mandated by the Constitution and Title 13. A response is required by Article II of the Constitution to all residents of the country.  A response to the American Community Survey is also mandated by Title 13, U.S. Code, Sections 141, 193, and 221, as changed by Title 18. A response is also required by Title 14, which includes Section 141 and 193, as well as Section 221.  Consular protection outside the United States. Consular support outside the U.S. provides a passport to citizens of the United Kingdom. Consular assistance is available in the United Arab Arab countries of the Arab world. The U.N. has the right to apply for a passport in any of these countries.  While traveling abroad, if a person is arrested or detained by foreign authorities, the person can request to speak to somebody from the United States Embassy or Consulate. The person can call the U.S. Embassy and Consulate if they are detained or arrested in the country.  Consular officials can provide resources for Americans incarcerated abroad, such as a list of local attorneys who speak English. Consular authorities can also provide resources such as an English-speaking attorney for those incarcerated abroad. For more information, contact the U.S. consular at www.cnn.org.  The U.S. government may even intervene on the person's behalf. The United States government may also intervene on behalf of the person involved in the case. The case is the first of its kind in the United States and the second of its type of government intervention in the country.  Non-citizen United States nationals also have this benefit. Non-citizens of the U.S. have the right to be a citizen of the United States. The benefits are available to non-citizens of the country and non-citizens also have the same benefit.  Increased ability to sponsor relatives living abroad. Increased ability for sponsors of relatives to be sponsored by government. More people can sponsor relatives who live in the U.S. State of the State of India to sponsor their relatives abroad. More than 1,000 people will be able to sponsor a family member in the United States.  Several types of immigrant visas require that the person requesting the visa be directly related to a U.S. citizen. The person requesting a visa is required to be a family member of a United States citizen. Some types of visas require the person asking for a visa must be a parent of a US citizen.  Having United States citizenship facilitates the granting of IR and F visas to family members. Having U.S. citizenship allows family members to obtain IR and. F visas for IR and IR visas to come to the United States. Having US citizenship helps family members obtain IR or F visas.  Ability to invest in U.S. real property without triggering FIRPTA. Can't invest in United States real property. Can\u2019t invest in real estate without triggeringFIRPTA. Can also invest in US real property. Can't buy real estate in the United States without triggering the law.  Citizens are not subject to additional withholding tax on income and capital gains derived from U.S. real estate under the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act (FIRPTA) Citizens of the United States do not have to pay additional withholding taxes on income or capital gains from United States real estate.  Transmission of United States citizenship to children born abroad. Children born in the U.S. born abroad can apply for citizenship in the United States. Transmission is part of a plan to expand citizenship options in the country's borders to citizens of all over the world. The United States is seeking citizenship for the first time.  Children born to two U.S. citizen parents abroad are automatically United States citizens at birth. Children born in the United States are automatically born to the parents of two United States citizen parents. They are born to American parents of American citizens born abroad. Children of American parents born abroad can be born to U.N. citizens born in United States.  When parents are one U.S. citizen and one non-United States citizen, certain conditions about the length of time spent in the United States need to be met. When the parents are a United States citizen and a non-U.S., certain conditions must be met for the parents to be able to stay in the country.  Non-citizen United States nationals have a similar benefit to children born abroad. Children born in the U.S. can pass on citizenship to non-citizens of the United States to their parents. The benefit is similar to the birth of children born outside of the country. The benefits are similar to that of a child born outside the country of a parent.  Protection from deportation is a form of protection from deportation. Protected from deportation can be protected in the U.S. State of the State of Mexico. The U.N. has been granted the right to stay in the state of Mexico for a year. The state of the state has a right to protect its citizens from deportation. Protected against deportation is protected under the law.  Naturalized United States citizens are no longer considered aliens and cannot be placed into deportation proceedings. Naturalized U.S. citizens are not considered illegal in the United States and are not allowed to be placed in deportation proceedings. Naturalized US citizens are now considered citizens and not illegal immigrants.  Other benefits include being able to use a wheelchair to walk on the beach. The cost of the wheelchair is $100,000 per person per person. A wheelchair can also be used in a wheelchair. The wheelchair can be used to carry out tasks such as wheelchairs, wheelchairs and wheelchairs.  USCIS sometimes honors the achievements of naturalized United States citizens. The USCIS honors naturalized U.S. citizens. USCIS also honors those who have been naturalized citizens of the United States. The award is given in honor of the naturalization of a naturalized American citizen.  The Outstanding American by Choice Award was created by the USCIS to recognize the outstanding achievements of naturalized U.S. citizens. Elie Wiesel, Indra K. Nooyi and John Shalikashvili have been recipients of the award in the past.  citizenship status can affect which country an athlete can compete as a member of in competitions such as the Olympics. Citizenship status can also affect which countries athletes can compete in international competition such as in the Olympics, and which country they can compete for. citizenship status affects which country athletes compete for in international events such as Olympics.  In the United States, civic participation is not required in the U.S. It's not required to participate in a political process. The United States does not require civic participation in most of the country's major cities. The country is home to the largest city in the world, Washington, DC, D.C.  There is no requirement to attend town meetings, belong to a political party, or vote in elections. There is also no requirement for members of the public to belong to political parties or to attend meetings, or to vote for the party in town meetings. There are no requirements to attend any meetings or belong to any political party or attend elections.  However, a benefit of naturalization is the ability to \"participate fully in the civic life of the country\" Naturalization is an opportunity to participate fully in civic life, according to CNN.com.com's John Sutter.com. A benefit to naturalization of immigrants is to participate in the country's \"civest life\"  To be a citizen means to be vitally important to politics and not ignored. To be an important citizen means being a citizen is not ignored by the government, says Julian Zelizer. The U.S. House of Representatives will hold a hearing in New York City on Tuesday night.  There is disagreement about whether popular lack of involvement in politics is helpful or harmful. There is also disagreement over whether it is harmful or harmful to the public's lack of political involvement. The debate is raging about whether it should be encouraged to get involved in politics or not.  Vanderbilt professor Dana D. Nelson suggests that most Americans merely vote for president every four years. Nelson sees this pattern as undemocratic and says it is undemocrisy. Nelson: Most Americans vote for the president every 4 years, and see this pattern of voting as undiemocratic.  In her book Bad for Democracy, Nelson argues that declining citizen participation in politics is unhealthy for long term prospects for democracy. Nelson: Decline in citizen participation is healthy for long-term prospects of democracy. She argues that citizen participation will be key to democracy's success in the future.  However, writers such as Robert D. Kaplan in The Atlantic see benefits to non-involvement. Kaplan wrote \"the very indifference of most people allows for a calm and healthy political climate\" However, Kaplan wrote that indifference allows for \"calm and healthy\" political climate.  Kaplan: \"Apathy, after all, often means that the political situation is healthy enough to be igno\"Kaplan: 'Apathy' often means \"apathy\" often means a healthy political situation isn't healthy enough for the nation to be \"ignorant\" ",
  "13": " Social media marketing is the use of social media platforms and websites to promote a product or service. Social media is a form of marketing that involves using social media to promote products or services. The social media marketing industry is used to promote and promote products and services using a variety of platforms.  Social media marketing is becoming more popular for both practitioners and researchers. e-marketing and digital marketing are still dominant in academia. Social media is more popular among practitioners than digital marketing in the U.S. It's becoming more common for researchers and practitioners to use social media marketing.  Most social media platforms have built-in data analytics tools, enabling companies to track the progress, success, and engagement of ad campaigns. Social media platforms can also track the success, success of their ad campaigns using these tools. Data analytics tools can help companies track progress, engagement, and success of ads on social media.  Companies address a range of stakeholders through social media marketing, including current and potential customers, employees, journalists, bloggers, and the general public. Social media marketing is a form of marketing that addresses a wide range of stakeholder groups. Companies use social media to communicate with their customers and employees through their social media accounts.  On a strategic level, social media marketing includes the management of a marketing campaign, governance, setting the scope (e.g. the scope) on social media. Social media marketing is a form of marketing that involves managing a social media campaign and managing the scope of the campaign. more active or passive use) and the establishment of a firm's desired social media \"culture\" and \"tone\" Firm's social media 'culture' and 'tone' is key to establishing desired social network \"culture and tone\" Firm has been accused of creating a social media culture and tone. Firm's \"culture, tone\" and tone are key to setting up desired social networks.  When using social media marketing, firms can allow customers and Internet users to post user-generated content (e.g., online comments, product reviews, etc. etc. firms can use social media to promote their products through social media. Firms can also allow users to use their own content to promote products and services.  \"earned media\" is a form of advertising that uses marketer-prepared advertising copy. Earned media is used in advertising, rather than use marketer advertising copy. It is also known as earned media, or earned media. It is often referred to as 'earned media' rather than marketed advertising.  Social networking websites allow individuals, businesses and other organizations to interact with one another and build relationships and communities online. Platforms allow individuals and businesses to interact online and interact with each other and build communities online. Platforms are platforms that allow people to connect online and connect with others.  When companies join these social channels, consumers can interact with them directly. Consumers can interact directly with companies via their social media channels. Companies can use these channels to interact with each other directly with their customers. When a company joins them on social media, it can be easier to communicate directly with consumers.  That interaction can be more personal to users than traditional methods of outbound marketing and advertising. That interaction is more personal than traditional marketing methods, say experts. The interaction can also be personal and more personal, they say, to users of the app. The app's creator says that interaction is a form of interaction that users can expect to be personal.  Social networking sites act as word of mouth or more precisely, e-word of mouth. Social networks are used to communicate with people via e-mail or social networking sites. Social networking is a way of communicating with people by sending them e-mails to each other via social media.  The Internet's ability to reach billions across the globe has given online word of mouth a powerful voice and far reach. The Internet is the world's largest source of social media, with millions of people using it to share their views. The World Wide Wide Wide Share of the Internet is based in New York, New York and Washington, DC.  The ability to rapidly change buying patterns and product or service acquisition and activity to a growing number of consumers is defined as an influence network. An influence network can be defined as a rapidly changing influence network that can rapidly change consumers' buying patterns. The influence network is a network of influence networks that can influence consumers' purchasing habits.  Social networking sites and blogs allow followers to \"retweet\" or \"repost\" comments made by others about a product being promoted. This occurs quite frequently on some social media sites, which allows followers to retweet or re-post comments about the product they are promoting.  By repeating the message, the user's connections are able to see the message. This means the message reaches more people, therefore reaching more people. The user's connection is able to hear the message and see it more easily. The message is repeated by repeating the same message to the user.  Social networking websites are based on building virtual communities that allow consumers to express their needs, wants and values, online. Because the information about the product is being put out there and is getting repeated, more traffic is brought to the product/company. Social networking sites are based.  Social media marketing then connects these consumers and audiences to businesses that share the same needs, wants, and values. Social media is then able to connect these consumers to businesses with those who share their needs and wants. The social media marketing process is then used to connect people to businesses who share the needs and values of each other.  Through social networking sites, companies can keep in touch with individual followers. Companies can also use social networks to communicate with their followers. Social networking sites can be used to connect with individuals through social networks. For more information, visit www.cnn.com/socialnetworking.  This personal interaction can instill a feeling of loyalty into followers and potential customers. Personal interaction with followers and customers can be a good thing for them to keep loyal customers, say the author of the book \"Loyalty Guaranteed\" at the end of the year.  Products can reach a very narrow target audience by choosing whom to follow on these sites. Also, by choosing who to follow these sites, products can be reached a very small target audience. Products can also be reached by following these sites on Twitter and Facebook. For more information, visit CNN.com/suspect.  Social networking sites also include much information about what products and services prospective clients might be interested in. Social networking websites also include information on what products, services prospective client might want to see. Social media sites also offer information on products and companies that might be available to prospective clients.  Marketers can detect buying signals, such as content shared by people and questions posted online. The use of new semantic analysis technologies will help marketers identify buying signals. The technology is being used to help marketers find out what customers are looking for in their search for a product. For more information, visit www.marketingtech.com.  An understanding of buying signals can help sales people target relevant prospects and marketers run micro-targeted campaigns. Sales people can use this to help them target relevant people and target micro-micro-targeting campaigns. For more information on buying signals, visit www.buying.co.uk.  In 2014, 80% of business executives identified social media as an integral part of their business. In 2014 over 80% said social media was a major factor in their business success. Over 80% have identified social networking as a vital part of the business. Social media is a key part of business success in 2014, according to experts.  Some examples of popular social networking websites over the years are Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, TikTok, Myspace, LinkedIn, and Snapchat. Business retailers have seen 133% increases in their revenues from social media marketing. Businesses have seen a 133% increase in their revenue from social marketing.  More than three billion people in the world are active on the Internet, says CNN.com. More than 3 billion people around the world use mobile phones, according to the number of mobile phone users in the U.S. More than a billion people use the Internet every day, says the company.  Over the years, the Internet has continually gained more and more users, jumping from 738 million in 2000 all the way to 3.2 billion in 2015. The Internet has grown to 3 billion users in just over a decade, according to the number of users in the U.S.  Around 81% of the current population in the United States has some type of social media profile that they engage with frequently. Roughly 81% have some of the social media profiles they use on social media. The U.S. is home to the largest social network in the world, according to Pew Research.  Mobile phone usage is beneficial for social media marketing because of their web browsing capabilities. Mobile phones allow individuals immediate access to social networking sites. Mobile phone marketing is beneficial because of the web browsing capability of the mobile phone. Social media marketing is a form of marketing that allows individuals to use their mobile phone to promote their social media sites.  Mobile phones have altered the path-to-purchase process by allowing consumers to easily obtain pricing and product information in real time. Mobile phones allow people to easily get pricing, product info in real-time, in order to buy a product. Mobile phone sales have been a huge success in recent years.  They have also allowed companies to constantly remind and update their followers. They also allow people to constantly update followers with updates and updates on their social media accounts. They are also allowing companies to update followers on their followers with the latest news updates every day. The social media network has been used by more than 1,000,000 followers.  Many companies are now putting QR (Quick Response) codes along with products for individuals to access the company website or online services with their smart phones. QR codes can be used to access company websites or services such as the company's website. QR (QR) codes are now being used by individuals who use their smartphones to access their products.  Retailers use QR codes to facilitate consumer interaction with brands by linking the code to brand websites, promotions, product information, and any other mobile-enabled content. QR codes can be used to help shoppers interact with brands and share information with their mobile devices. Retailers can use the QR code to help customers interact with each other through the use of QR codes.  Real-time bidding use in the mobile advertising industry is high and rising due to its value for on-the-go web browsing. In addition to the value of the mobile ad market, real-time bid use in mobile advertising is also high and growing due to the use of mobile advertising.  Nexage, a provider of real time bidding in mobile advertising, reported a 37% increase in revenue each month in 2012. Nexage reported a revenue increase of 37% each month. Nexage is a real-time bidding provider for real time mobile advertising. In 2012, Nexage increased revenue by 37% a month.  Mobile devices have become increasingly popular. 5.7 billion people are using them worldwide. Adfonic reported an increase of 22 billion ad requests that same year. Mobile ad platforms have reported a rise in demand for mobile advertising in the past year. The number of people using mobile devices has increased in recent years.  This has played a role in the way consumers interact with media and has many further implications for TV ratings, advertising, mobile commerce, and more. It has also implications for ratings, ad revenue, advertising and mobile commerce. This has also been seen as an important part of the future of mobile commerce and advertising.  Mobile media consumption such as mobile audio streaming or mobile video are on the rise. In the U.S. more than 100 million users are projected to access online video content via mobile device. Mobile audio streaming and mobile video consumption are on a rise in the United States.  Mobile video revenue consists of pay-per-view downloads, advertising and subscriptions. Mobile video revenues consists of video downloads, ads, subscriptions and advertising. Mobile payers can pay for their mobile video content via their mobile devices via a mobile app or a mobile phone subscription.  As of 2013, worldwide mobile phone Internet user penetration was 73.4% of the world's mobile phone internet user population. The majority of mobile phone users are in contact with the mobile phone in the world, according to the U.S. mobile phone penetration rate of 73.3%. Mobile phone Internet users were in contact at the time of 2013.  In 2017, figures suggest that more than 90% of Internet users will access online content through their phones. More than 90 per cent of internet users will use their phones to access content on their phones, according to figures released by the U.S. Census Bureau in 2017.  Social media can be a useful source of market information and a way to hear customer perspectives. There are two basic strategies for using social media as a marketing tool: strategies, strategies and passive approaches. Social media is a good way to communicate with customers and listen to them.  Individuals share their reviews and recommendations of brands, products, and services. Blogs, content communities, and forums are platforms where individuals share reviews of brands and products. For more information, visit CNN.com/Heroes for more information about brands, services, products and services in the comments.  Businesses are able to tap and analyze the customer voices and feedback generated in social media for marketing purposes. Social media is a relatively inexpensive source of market intelligence which can be used by marketers and managers to track and respond to consumer-identified problems and detect market opportunities. In this sense, the social media is an inexpensive way of tracking and analyzing customer feedback.  The Internet erupted with videos and pictures of iPhone 6 \"bend test\" which showed that the coveted phone could be bent by hand pressure. iPhone 6 can also be bent with hand pressure, according to the test. The test was conducted by a group of experts at the University of Cambridge, Scotland.  The so-called \"bend gate\" controversy created confusion amongst customers. Customers had waited months for the launch of the latest rendition of the iPhone. The controversy has created confusion among customers who had waited for months to see the iPhone 4S. The iPhone 4C was released on September 11.  Apple issued a statement saying that the problem was extremely rare and that the company had taken several steps to make the mobile device's case stronger and robust. However, Apple said that it had taken steps to strengthen the case and make it stronger and more robust. Apple said the problem is extremely rare, and that it has taken steps in order to fix it.  Social media can use social media to obtain 'live' or'real time' information about consumer behavior and viewpoints on a company's brand or products. Unlike traditional market research methods such as surveys, focus groups, and data mining which are time-consuming and costly, it can take weeks or even months to analyze.  This can be useful in the highly dynamic, competitive, fast-paced and global marketplace of the 2010s. It can be used in a highly dynamic and competitive environment of the world's most competitive marketplace. This can also be helpful in the global marketplace, such as the global market of the next generation.  Social media can be used not only as public relations and direct marketing tools, but also as communication channels targeting very specific audiences. Social media influencers and social media personalities can be effective customer engagement tools. Social media is a direct marketing tool that can also be used as a public relations tool.  This tactic is widely known as influencer marketing. It is a form of marketing widely used by influencer marketers. The tactic is known as 'influencer marketing' and 'influence marketing' It is also known as \"influencing\" and \"influence\" marketing.  Influencer marketing allows brands the opportunity to reach their target audience in a more genuine, authentic way via a special group of selected influencers advertising their product or service. Influencer marketing is a way to reach your target audience via a group of influencers. Brands can use influencer marketing to reach out to their target audiences in a genuine way.  Brands are set to spend up to $15 billion on influencer marketing by 2022, according to Business Insider Intelligence. Broadcast TV and newspapers can also provide advertisers with a fairly targeted audience, given that an ad placed during a sports game broadcast or in the sports section of a newspaper is likely to be read by sports fans.  Social media websites can target niche markets even more precisely. Social media sites can use niche markets to target niche niche markets more precisely. Social media can also target niche customers more precisely, say social media experts. The social media sites are able to use their social media platforms to reach niche markets.  Using digital tools such as Google AdSense, advertisers can target their ads to very specific demographics, such as people who are interested in social entrepreneurship, political activism associated with a particular political party, or video gaming. Advertisers can target specific demographics such as those interested in video gaming, social entrepreneurship or political activism.  Google AdSense looks for keywords in social media user's online posts and comments. AdSense does this by looking for keywords from social media users' online posts. Google's AdSense is based on keywords in online posts, comments and posts posted by users on social media.  It would be hard for a TV station or paper-based newspaper to provide ads that are this targeted. Not impossible, but not impossible, as can be seen with \"special issue\" sections on niche issues, which newspapers can use to sell targeted ads. It's hard for TV stations or paper newspapers to provide this type of ad.  Social networks are, in many cases, viewed as a great tool for avoiding costly market research. Social networks can be used to avoid costly research costs. Social networking is a great way to avoid expensive research costs, experts say. Social media is a good way of avoiding costly research, especially in the U.S.  They are known for providing a short, fast, and direct way to reach an audience through a person who is widely known. They are also known for using a person widely known to reach out to an audience. They provide a fast, fast way of reaching an audience via a widely known person.  An athlete who gets endorsed by a sporting goods company also brings their support base of millions of people who are interested in what they do or how they play and now they want to be a part of this athlete through their endorsements with that particular company. For example, an athlete who is endorsed by sporting goods companies.  You can now view a famous athlete's latest apparel online with the click of a button. Cristiano Ronaldo, such as Ronaldo, is among the most famous athletes in the world to wear the latest apparel. At one point consumers would visit stores to view their products with famous athletes.  He advertises them to you directly through his Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook accounts. He also advertises the ads on Instagram, Twitter, and Instagram. He has also posted them on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram accounts in the U.S. and on Instagram and Twitter.  Facebook and LinkedIn are leading social media platforms where users can hyper-target their ads. Users can hyper target their ads using Facebook or LinkedIn to get the most of their ad dollars. Facebook is now the most popular social media platform to use hyper-interactive ads to target users of its ads.  Hypertargeting not only uses public profile information but also public profile info. Hyperttargeting is a form of marketing that aims to target users in a bid to gain access to their public profile profile information. It also uses information from the user's public profile to target other users' profiles. ",
  "14": " A credit rating is an evaluation of the credit risk of a prospective debtor (an individual, a business, company or a government) predicting their ability to pay back the debt. It is also an implicit forecast of the likelihood of the debtor defaulting. Credit rating is a forecast of likelihood of a debt default.  Credit rating represents evaluation from a credit rating agency of the qualitative and quantitative information for the prospective debtor. The credit rating represents an evaluation of the quantitative and qualitative information provided by a prospective debtor and other non-public information obtained by the agency's analysts. Credit rating agency's analysis is based on data provided by the prospective\u00a0bankruptcy\u00a0and the\u00a0prospective\u00a0debtors.  Credit reporting (or  credit score) \u2013 is a subset of credit rating \u2013 it is a numeric evaluation of an individual's credit worthiness. Credit reporting is done by a credit bureau or consumer credit reporting agency. It is a\u00a0numeric evaluation of a person's\u00a0credit worthiness, done by an agency or credit bureau.  A sovereign credit rating is the credit rating of a sovereign entity, such as a national government. The ratings are based on credit ratings of a country's credit rating. The rating of sovereign credit ratings is based on a credit rating from a credit agency, such a sovereign government.  Sovereign credit rating indicates the risk level of the investing environment of a country. The sovereign credit rating is used by investors when looking to invest in particular jurisdictions. It also takes into account political risk and also takes in account political risks in the country. Sovereign credit ratings indicate the risk of investing in a country and are used in investment decisions.  The \"country risk rankings\" table shows the ten least-risky countries for investment as of January 2018. The table is based on the riskiest countries in the world for investment in the United States. The country risk rankings are based on a country's risk profile. Ratings are further broken down into components including political risk, economic risk and political risk. The ratings are also broken down to include political risk and economic risk factors such as political and economic risks, such as economic risk, to be taken into account by the rating agency's rating agency.  Euromoney's bi-annual country risk index monitors the political and economic stability of 185 sovereign countries. Singapore is one of the only few countries in the world as well as the only in Asia to achieve a AAA sovereign credit rankings from all major credit agencies.  M.A. Best defines \"country risk\" as the risk that country-specific factors could adversely affect an insurer's ability to meet its financial obligations. M.B. Best: \"Country risk\" is the risk of a company's failure to meet financial obligations due to country-related factors.  A rating expresses the likelihood that the rated party will go into default within a given time horizon. Short and long-term ratings are based on the likelihood of defaulting parties going into default. The rating is based on a short-term outlook for the United States' credit rating.  In general, a time horizon of one year or under is considered short term, and anything above that is considered long term. Anything above that's considered long-term is considered a short-term investment in a business. In the U.S. economy, the economy is one of the fastest-growing countries in the world, according to CNN iReport.  Institutional investors preferred to consider long-term ratings in the past. In the past institutional investors preferred the short-term rating of the country's government bonds. The government is seeking to find a way to improve its credit rating of $1.2 billion in the next 10 years.  Nowadays, short-term ratings are commonly used. Nowadays it is commonly used to refer to short term ratings. Short term ratings are also commonly used in the media. The ratings system is known as the \"Ratings System\" in the United States and Canada. For more information, visit www.ratingssystem.org.  Credit ratings can address a corporation's financial instruments i.e. financial instruments. Ratings can also address a company's financial assets such as its financial assets. Ratings are based on credit ratings of a company or a corporation with a large amount of debt. Credit ratings are often used to assess creditworthiness of a corporation. debt security such as a bond, but also the corporations itself, is a key part of the corporation's finances. Debt security is not only a bond but also a corporation's debt, it is also a company's debt to itself. The bond security is a form of debt to the corporation, not just a bond.  Ratings are assigned by credit rating agencies, the largest of which are Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch Ratings. The largest of the agencies are Standard and Poor's and Moody's. Ratings agencies are responsible for the country's credit rating system and credit rating agency.  Higher grades are intended to represent a lower probability of default. They use letter designations such as A, B, C. Higher grades used to indicate a lower likelihood of default. They use letters such as B, B and C to indicate the probability of a default.  Agencies do not attach a hard number of probability of default to each grade. Agencies prefer descriptive definitions such as: \"the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is extremely strong,\" or \"less vulnerable to non-payment than other speculative issues\"  Some studies have estimated the average risk and reward of bonds by rating. However, some studies estimate the risk and rewards of bonds based on their ratings. Some of the bonds have been rated by rating agencies, such as Moody's, but not by credit rating agencies such as rating agencies.  Moody's study claims that over a \"5-year time horizon\" bonds it gave its highest rating (Aaa) to had a \"cumulative default rate\" of 0.18%, the next highest (Aa2) 0.28% and the next (Baa2) 2.11%. (See \"Default rate\" in \"Estimated spreads and default rates by rating grade\" table to right.) See \"default rate\" to right in the default rate table. See \"Default Rate\" in the \"Estimate Spread and Default Rate\" table below the bottom of the table.  Another study calculated the additional interest rate or \"spread\" corporate bonds pay over that of \"riskless\" US Treasury bonds. Over a longer period, it stated \"the order is by and large, but not exactly, preserved\" Another study in Journal of Finance calculated the extra interest rate. (See \"Basis point spread\" in table to right.)(See 'Basis Point spread' in table below to right. (See \"Base Point Spread\" table below for more details of the spread in this article. See \"Base Base Spread\" at the bottom of the table for more information.  A AAA-rated bond paid 43 \"basis points\" (or 43/100 of a percentage point) over a US Treasury bond (so that it would yield 3.43% if the Treasury yielded 3.00%) The authors found that a AAA bond would yield more than a Treasury bond.  A CCC-rated \"junk\" bond paid over 7% (724 basis points) more than a Treasury bond on average over that period. Different rating agencies may use variations of an alphabetical combination of lowercase and uppercase letters to fine-tune the rating.  Standard & Poor's rating scale uses uppercase letters and pluses and minuses. Standard and Poor's ratings scale is based on a number of factors used to determine a company's creditworthiness. The rating scale is used to indicate a company has a good or bad rating.  Moody's rating system uses numbers and lowercase letters as well as uppercase letters. Moody's ratings system is based on numbers and letters in the name of the country's top-rated companies. Ratings are based on a number of letters and letters used to be used to indicate a company's creditworthiness.  Moody's, S&P and Fitch Ratings control approximately 95% of the credit ratings business. They are not the only rating agencies that control the credit rating business. Moody's is one of the three leading credit rating agencies in the world. Moody\u2019s is the only major credit rating agency in the U.S.  DBRS's long-term ratings scale is somewhat similar to Standard & Poor's and Fitch Ratings with the words high and low replacing the + and \u2212. DBRS is based on the words 'high and low' and 'low' instead of 'high or low' in terms of the words \"low\" and \"high\" and 'high\".  S&P, Moody's, Fitch and DBRS are the only four ratings agencies recognized by the European Central Bank for determining collateral requirements for banks to borrow from the central bank. The short-term ratings often map to long-term, though there is room for exceptions at the high or low.  ECB takes the highest rating among the four agencies to determine haircuts and collateral requirements for borrowing. S&P, Moody's, Fitch and DBRS have designated ECAI status. ECB uses a first, best rule among the agencies that have the designation of ECAi status.  Ratings in Europe have been under close scrutiny, particularly the highest ratings given to countries like Spain, Ireland and Italy. They affect how much banks can borrow against sovereign debt they hold, affecting how much they can borrow from sovereign debt. Ratings are under scrutiny in Europe because they affect banks' ability to borrow against their debt.  The CTRISKS rating system is as follows: CT3A, CT2A and CT1C. Best rates from excellent to poor in the following manner: A++, A+. A, A\u2212, B++, B+ B, B\u2212, C++, C+ C, C\u2212, D, E, F, and S.M.  CTRISKS grades are mapped to one-year probability of default. The grades are based on one year's likelihood of default for the U.S. to default. For more information, go to www.CERTISKS.com/cERTISK.  The European Banking Authority has developed a series of mapping tables that map ratings to the \"Credit Quality Steps\" (CQS) as set out in regulatory capital rules and map the CQS to short run and long run benchmark default rates. The EU Credit Rating Agency Regulation (CRAR) has developed the tables.  These are provided in the table below: Countries by government budget, credit rating, tax revenue to GDP ratio and credit rating. Countries by credit rating: Singapore Credit Score Guide, Credit Score History, Credit Rating History and Credit Scores for Singapore and Singapore credit rating history: Singapore credit history: Credit Score history; Credit Score Score History: Singapore, Credit Ratings, Credit History, Singapore Credit History; Credit History: Credit Scores, Credit Scores & Credit Scores by Singapore; Credit Scores Asia: Singapore. Credit Score Asia. Credit History. Singapore Credit Rating Guide: Singapore. ",
  "15": " Thermal energy storage (TES) can be achieved with widely different technologies. Thermal energy storage can be used to store energy stored in a large amount of energy. Thermal storage is a form of energy storage that can be stored in the form of molten rock or molten metal. The energy storage process is known as thermal storage.  Excess thermal energy can be stored and used hours, days, months later, at scales ranging from individual process, building, multiuser-building, district, town, or region. Depending on the specific technology, it allows excess thermal energy to be stored, used hours and days later.  Usage examples are the balancing of energy demand between daytime and nighttime, storing summer heat for winter heating, or winter cold for summer air conditioning (Seasonal thermal energy storage) Usage examples include balancing energy demand and nighttime demand between nighttime and nighttime energy storage. Use examples include winter cold storage for winter air conditioning or winter heating for air conditioning.  Storage media include water or ice-slush tanks, masses of native earth or bedrock accessed with heat exchangers by means of boreholes, deep aquifers contained between impermeable strata. Heat or cold produced with heat pumps from off-peak, lower cost electric power, called peak shaving. Heat from combined heat and power (CHP) power plants; heat produced by renewable electrical energy that exceeds grid demand.  Heat storage is considered an important means for cheaply balancing high shares of variable renewable electricity production and integration of electricity and heating sectors in energy systems almost or completely fed by renewable energy. Heat storage, both seasonal and short term, is an important way to cheaply balancing the high share of variable electricity production.  The different kinds of thermal energy storage can be divided into three separate categories: sensible heat, latent heat, and thermo-chemical heat storage. The different categories can be classified as sensible heat or latent heat. The categories are the sensible heat and latent heat storage categories.  Each of these has different advantages and disadvantages that determine their applications. Each has a different type of weapon that can be used in a variety of ways. Each weapon has different strengths and weaknesses that allow it to be used for various purposes. Each of the weapons are different types of weapons that could be used.  Sensible heat storage (SHS) is the most straightforward method of storing heat. The most straightforward way to store heat is to store it in a small amount of space. The method is known as \"sensible heat storage\" or \"SHS\" for the most efficient way of storing energy.  It simply means the temperature of some medium is either increased or decreased. Temperature of a medium can be increased by increasing or decreasing. Temperature is a sign that temperature increases or decreases depending on the medium. Temperature increases or decreased depending on temperature of medium mediums. Temperature rises or decreases when mediums are heated or increased.  This type of storage is the most commercially available out of the three; other techniques are less developed. Other techniques, such as storage, have not been developed in the U.S. Other techniques have not yet been developed. The storage method is a form of storage that can be used to store electronic data.  The materials are generally inexpensive and safe. They are used to make the most of the materials available in the U.S. The materials used are generally safe and easy to use. The materials can be used in a variety of ways to make a range of different types of materials.  One of the cheapest options is a water tank, but materials such as molten salts or metals can be heated to higher temperatures and therefore offer a higher storage capacity. A water tank is the most commonly used option to store the contents of the tank. A metal tank is one of the cheaper options, but can also be heated using molten salts and metals.  Energy can also be stored underground (UTES), either in an underground tank or in some kind of heat-transfer fluid (HTF) flowing through a system of pipes. Energy can be stored vertically in U-shapes (boreholes) or horizontally in trenches.  Yet another system is known as a packed-bed (or pebble-bed) storage unit. Some fluid, usually air, flows through a bed of loosely packed material (usually rock, pebbles or ceramic brick) to add or extract heat to the bed.  A disadvantage of SHS is its dependence on the properties of the storage medium. SHS can be used as a storage medium to store electronic data. A disadvantage is the ability to store data on a device that can be stored in a liquid form of form of medium.  Storage capacities are limited by the specific heat capacity of the storage material. System needs to be properly designed to ensure energy extraction at a constant temperature. Storage capacity of storage material is limited by its heat capacity, and the system must be designed to be able to extract energy.  The sensible heat of molten salt is also used for storing solar energy at a high temperature, termed molten salt technology or molten salt energy storage (MSES) Molten salt technology is also known as molten-salt technology. It is used in storage of solar energy stored at high temperature.  Molten salts can be employed as a thermal energy storage method to retain thermal energy. They are used to store thermal energy in the form of molten salts. They can also be used as a storage method for the energy storage of a large amount of energy. Molten salt can be used in the storage of thermal energy for example.  Presently, this is a commercially used technology to store the heat collected by concentrated solar power (e.g., from a solar tower or solar trough) It is currently being used to store solar heat collected from a tower or trough. The technology is being used in the United States and Canada.  The heat can later be converted into superheated steam to power conventional steam turbines and generate electricity at a later time. The heat is then converted to steam and can be converted to electricity at later times. The steam can then be used to power steam turbines to generate electricity.  Solar Two was demonstrated in the Solar Two project from 1995\u20131999. It was demonstrated from 1995-1999 in a series of experiments with solar panels. It is demonstrated in a number of solar panels and solar cells. Solar Two demonstrated in 1995-1998 in a team of solar cells and solar modules.  Estimates in 2006 predicted an annual efficiency of 99% of the energy retained by storing heat before turning it into electricity, versus converting it directly into electricity. The energy retained is equivalent to the energy stored by storing and converting heat to electricity, rather than converting heat directly to electricity.  Various eutectic mixtures of different salts are used (e.g., sodium nitrate, potassium nitrate and calcium nitrate) These salts are mixed with different salts, such as calcium nitrates, sodium nitrates and potassium nitrates. The nitrate is used to make the nitrate mixture of nitrate salts.  Experience with such systems exists in non-solar applications in the chemical and metals industries as a heat-transport fluid. Such systems could be used in the industries such as the chemical, metals and chemical industries as well as the transport of heat transport fluid in the solar power systems.  Salt melts at 131 \u00b0C (268 \u00b0F) at 131\u00b0C. The salt melts at a temperature of 131\u00b0F (268\u00b0F) The salt is melted at 131 degrees Celsius (140 \u00b0C) at the melting point of the salt. Salt melts in 131 degrees (140 degrees Celsius) in the melting process.  It is kept liquid at 288 \u00b0C (550 \u00b0F) in an insulated \"cold\" storage tank. It's kept liquid in a liquid storage tank in a temperature-controlled environment. It is stored in a \"cold storage tank\" in a climate-resistant environment.  Liquid salt is pumped through panels in a solar collector where the focused sun heats it to 566 \u00b0C (1,051 \u00b0F) Liquid salt pumped through solar panels in solar collector to heat it up to the temperature of 566\u00b0C (566\u00b0F)  It is then sent to a hot storage tank where it is stored in a hot tank. The tank is then used as a storage tank to store the contents of the tank. It then undergoes a cooling process before being sent to the tank to cool it down and cool it off again.  With proper insulation of the tank the thermal energy can be usefully stored for up to a week. The energy can also be stored in the tank for a week or more. The tank can be used to store thermal energy for a whole week. For more information on how to buy a tank, visit www.co.uk.  When electricity is needed, the molten salt is pumped to a conventional steam-generator to produce superheated steam for driving a conventional turbine/generator set as used in any coal, oil, or nuclear power plant. The molten salt can be pumped to the steam generator to create superheating steam.  A 100-megawatt turbine would need a tank of about 9.1 metres (30 ft) tall and 24 metres (79 ft) in diameter to drive it for four hours by this design. A single tank with a divider plate to separate cold and hot molten salt is under development.  The molten-salt storage tank is costly due to its complicated construction. It is more economical by achieving 100% more heat storage per unit volume over the dual tanks system. The molten salt storage tank can be more economical as it is more expensive to have a molten salt tank.  Phase Change Material (PCMs) are also used in molten-salt energy storage. Research on shape-stabilized PCMs using high porosity matrices is ongoing. Most solar thermal power plants use this thermal energy storage concept. Research is ongoing on shape stabilized PCMs.  Solana Generating Station in the U.S. can store 6 hours worth of generating capacity in molten salt. Solana can store six hours of generating power in 6 hours of molten salt in a molten salt tank. The molten salt can be stored in molten rock at a power station in the United States.  Gemasolar Thermosolar solar power-tower/molten-salt plant in Spain achieved a first by continuously producing electricity 24 hours per day for 36 days. During the summer of 2013 the Gemsolar Thermo solar power tower in Spain\u00a0produced\u00a0electricity\u00a024 hours a day for the first time.  The Cerro Dominador Solar Thermal Plant, inaugurated in June 2021, has 17.5 hours of heat storage. The plant is expected to be inaugurated by the end of June 2021. It will be the first solar power plant in the country to be completed in 20 years.  Steam accumulator consists of an insulated steel pressure tank containing hot water and steam under pressure. A steam accumulator is a pressure tank filled with hot water, steam and hot steam. Steam storage in tanks or rock caverns is a form of storage in rock tanks or caverns.  As a heat storage device, it is used to mediate heat production by a variable or steady source from a variable demand for heat. Heat storage devices mediate a variable heat production from a steady source to a variable source of heat. It is used as a storage device for heat storage purposes.  Steam accumulators may take on a significance for energy storage in solar thermal energy projects.Steam accumulators could be used to store energy storage for solar thermal power projects. Steam accumulator may be a significant part of the solar energy storage project in the U.S. It could be a part of a solar thermal storage project.  Large stores are widely used in Nordic countries to store heat for several days, to decouple heat and power production and to help meet peak demands. Large stores can be used to store power for several weeks, or to store electricity for several months, to store energy and heat.  Intersessional storage in caverns has been investigated and appears to be economical and plays a significant role in heating in Finland. Finland is the world's only country to rely heavily on caverns for heating. Intersational storage is an economical way to heat Finland's cities.  Helen Oy estimates an 11.6 GWh capacity and 120 MW thermal output for its 260,000 m3 water cistern under Mustikkamaa (fully charged or discharged in 4 days at capacity), operating from 2021 to offset days of peak production/demand. 300,000\u00a0m3 rock caverns 50 m under sea level in Kruunuvuorenranta (near Laajasalo) were designated in 2018 to store heat in summer from warm seawater and release it in winter for district heating.  Solid or molten silicon offers much higher storage temperatures than salts with consequent greater capacity and efficiency. Hot silicon technology is hot silicon technology. Solid silicon offers storage temperatures higher than salts, with greater capacity, efficiency. Liquid silicon offers more storage temperatures and greater capacity than salts.  It is being researched as a possible more energy efficient storage technology. It could be used to store energy efficient energy storage. It is currently being researched to be a more efficient storage system. The technology is being developed in a bid to reduce energy costs and save energy costs. Silicon is able to store more than 1 MWh of energy per cubic meter at 1400 \u00b0C. Silicon can store over 1MWh per cubic metre at 1400\u00b0C. Silicon has been developed in Silicon Valley, California, since 2000. Silicon Valley is the world's largest producer of silicon chips, with silicon being developed in California.  An additional advantage is the relative abundance of silicon when compared to the salts used for the same purpose. An advantage of silicon is that it is more likely to be found to be silicon than salts used to be used in the same process. An extra advantage is that silicon is found to have more silicon in its place than salts.  Another medium that can store thermal energy is molten (recycled) aluminum. Molten aluminum is also a medium for storing thermal energy. The molten aluminum can be used to store heat energy in the form of molten metal. The melted aluminum can store energy in a molten form of aluminum.  Technology was developed by the Swedish company Azelio. This technology was developed in Sweden by the company that developed the technology. The technology was created in Sweden in the 1980s and 1990s. It is now available in the UK for the first time in the U.S.  The material is heated to 600 \u00b0C. The material has a temperature of around 600\u00b0C. It is then heated to a maximum temperature of 600\u00b0F. It has been heated to an area of around 700\u00b0C in a bid to melt the material into a liquid form.  When needed, the energy is transported to a Stirling engine using a heat-transfer fluid. The energy is then transported to the engine using the fluid to make it more efficient. The Stirling engines are powered by a heat transfer fluid to keep the energy in the air.  Water has one of the highest thermal capacities at 4.2 kJ/(kg\u22c5K) Concrete has about one third of that capacity. Water has the lowest thermal capacity at about 4.3 kJ/kg/kg, while concrete has one third that.  On the other hand, concrete can be heated to much higher temperatures (1200 \u00b0C) by for example electrical heating and therefore has a much higher overall volumetric capacity. Concrete can also be heated by electrical heating, therefore has much higher volumetry capacity.  An insulated cube of about 2.8 m3 would appear to provide sufficient storage for a single house to meet 50% of heating demand. The cube would be enough to provide enough storage for an entire house. An example from the example below shows an insulated cube that would provide enough space to meet heating needs of a house.  This could, in principle, be used to store surplus wind or solar heat. Electrical heating can reach high temperatures due to the ability of electrical heating to reach high temperature. This could be used in the future to store solar heat or wind power. The technology could also be used as a storage system for solar heat and wind energy.  Wiggenhausen-S\u00fcd solar development at Friedrichshafen in southern Germany has received international attention. At the neighborhood level, the solar development has received attention from the public. The development is part of a larger solar energy project in the area of the city.  570 houses will be supplied with around 50% of their heating and hot water. The project features a 12,000 m3 (420,000 cu ft) reinforced concrete thermal store linked to 4,300 m2 (46,000 sq ft) of solar collectors.  Siemens-Gamesa built a 130 MWh thermal storage near Hamburg with 750 \u00b0C in basalt and 1.5 MW electric output. The storage was built with 750\u00b0C basalt. Siemens Gamesa built the thermal storage in the city of Hamburg.  \u201cBrick toaster\u201d is a recently (august 2022) announced innovative heat reservoir operating at up to 1,500 \u00b0C (2,732 \u00b0F) that its maker, Titan Cement/Rondo claims should be able cut global CO2 output by 15% over 15 years. A similar system is scheduled for Sor\u00f8, Denmark, with 41\u201358% of the stored 18 MWh heat returned for the town's district heating, and 30\u201341% returned as electricity.  Because latent heat storage (LHS) is associated with a phase transition, the general term for the associated media is Phase-Change Material (PCM) The media is a material associated with the associated phase transition. Phase-change Material is a phase-change material.  During these transitions, heat can be added or extracted without affecting the material\u2019s temperature, giving it an advantage over SHS-technologies. Technology can be used to add or extract heat from a material without affecting its temperature. Technology could be used in the next generation of nanasolar nanasasolar cells.  Storage capacities are often higher as well as higher storage capacity. Storage capacity is also higher than normal storage capacity in the U.S. Storage capacity can be much higher than standard storage systems. The U.N. system is often faster and more efficient than standard models.  There are a multitude of PCMs available, including salts, polymers, gels, paraffin waxes and metal alloys, each with different properties. Each of these PCMs have different properties, such as salts and polymers. Each PCM has different properties and properties, including those of salts and gels.  This allows for a more target-oriented system design. It is designed to target targets rather than target targets. This is the first time a target has been designed to be a target rather than a target. The system was designed to focus on target targets, not targets, rather than targets, in order to make targets smaller.  The process is isothermal at the PCM\u2019s melting point, the material can be picked to have the desired temperature range. The process can be used to create the desired range of PCM materials. The material can also be picked from a range of temperature ranges to have desired temperatures.  Desirable qualities include high latent heat and thermal conductivity. Thermal conductivity is considered desirable in the design of this type of building. Desirable quality is high latent thermal heat and latent heat, thermal conductability. Designation is based on thermal properties such as thermal insulation and insulation.  Storage units can be more compact if volume changes during the phase transition are small. Storage units are more compact when volume changes are small, storage unit can be compact. Storage unit can also be compact if the volume of the storage unit is small. storage units are smaller than traditional storage units. PCMs are further subdivided into organic, inorganic and eutectic materials. PCMs are divided into organic and inorganic PCMs. PCM materials are also known as 'organic' and 'inorganic' PCMs were developed in the 1970s and 1980s.  Compared to organic PCMs, inorganic materials are less flammable, cheaper and more widely. Inorganic materials have been used in more than 50 years to make PCMs. They are also cheaper, cheaper, more widely available than organic materials used in organic PCMs. ",
  "16": " The FIFA World Cup was first held in 1930, when FIFA decided to stage an international men's football tournament under the era of FIFA president Jules Rimet. FIFA, the world's football governing body, decided to hold the tournament under Rimet's era. The tournament was the first ever to be held in the 1930s.  Jules Rimet was the president of FIFA from 1921 to 1954. Rimet served as FIFA president between 1921 and 1954. He was the first person to hold FIFA presidency in charge of the world's governing body. He also served as president of the FIFA World Cup in 1954.  Jules Rimet was appreciated so much for bringing the idea of FIFA to life that 1946 the World Cup Trophy was named the Jule Rimet Cup. Rimet brought FIFA's idea of the FIFA World Cup to life and the trophy was named after Rimet in 1946.  The inaugural edition, held in 1930, was contested as a final tournament of only thirteen teams invited by the organization. Only 13 teams were invited to play in the final tournament. The inaugural tournament was held in the 1930s. The tournament was contested by only 13 teams from the world's top teams.  The World Cup is currently a 48-team final tournament, preceded by a two-year qualifying process involving over 200 teams from around the world. Since then, the World Cup has experienced successive expansions and format remodeling. The tournament has been expanded to 48 teams, with over 200 qualifying teams taking part.  The first official international football match was played in 1872 in Glasgow between Scotland and England. The sport was rarely played outside Great Britain, although at this stage the sport was only played in Great Britain. Scotland won the first ever international football game in Glasgow in the 1872 World Cup.  At the end of the 19th century, games that were considered the \"football world championship\" were meetings between leading English and Scottish clubs, like the 1895 game between Sunderland A.F.C. and Sunderland. The 1895 Sunderland game was considered the football world championship.  Football had gained ground all around the world and national football associations were being founded. The Heart of Midlothian F.C. and Sunderland won the league title in the first half of the 20th century. Sunderland were the first team to win the League Cup in the history of football.  First official international international match outside the British Isles was played between Uruguay and Argentina in Montevideo in July 1902. Uruguay played Argentina in the first official international match played outside the UK. Uruguay defeated Argentina 1-0 in a friendly match in July 1903. Uruguay won the first international match in the history of the Uruguay World Cup.  The F\u00e9d\u00e9ration Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) was founded in Paris on 22 May 1904. It was contested as an IOC-recognized Olympic sport at the 1900 and 1904 Summer Olympics. FIFA became an official FIFA-supervised Olympic competition at the 1908 Olympic Games.  The event was for amateur players only and was regarded suspiciously as a show rather than a competition. Organised by England's Football Association, the event was considered suspiciously to be a'show' rather than an amateur competition. It was organised by the England Football Association and was seen as suspiciously a show.  The England national amateur football team won the event in 1908 and 1912. England won the tournament in 1908, 1912 and 1911. The team won both the tournament and the other in 1912. The event was held in London, England, between 1908 and 1910. The England team won in both 1908 and 1913.  FIFA attempted to organize an international football tournament between nations outside of the Olympic framework in 1906. This tournament took place in Switzerland and was held in Switzerland. FIFA tried to organize the tournament in 1906 but failed to find a suitable venue to host the tournament. The tournament was held at the Olympic Games in 1906 and was organized by FIFA.  Official history of FIFA describes the competition as having been a failure. Competitions involving professional teams also started to appear in the early years of the competition. FIFA history describes it as a failure with amateur competitions only being contested only between amateur teams and professional teams. The official history of the FIFA history states that the competition was unsuccessful.  The Torneo Internazionale Stampa Sportiva was held in Turin in 1908. The following year Sir Thomas Lipton organized a similar event in the same year, the Sir Thomas\u00a0Lipton Trophy, also held in the city of Turin. The first event was one of the first to be held in Italy.  Both tournaments were contested between individual clubs (not national teams), each one of which represented an entire nation. Each one of these tournaments was contested by individual clubs, not national teams, as well as national teams. The tournaments were held between national teams and individual clubs. Each tournament was contested between clubs, each one representing a nation, and each one represented a club.  The Thomas Lipton Trophy is sometimes described as The First World Cup, at the expense of its less well-known Italian predecessor. Neither was really a direct forerunner of the World Cup. However, notwithstanding that, it is sometimes said to be the first World Cup of its kind.  FIFA agreed to recognize the Olympic tournament as a \"world football championship for amateurs\" in 1914. FIFA took responsibility for organizing the event and recognized it as an amateur tournament. FIFA also recognized the tournament as an \"world championship for\u00a0amateur\u00a0for\u00a0amateurs\"  Belgium won the first intercontinental football competition at the 1920 Summer Olympics. This led the way for the world's first international football competition, held in 1920. Belgium was the first team to compete in intercontinental competition in the 1920s. Belgium's victory led to the opening of the first international competition in football.  Uruguay won the tournaments in 1924 and 1928. Uruguay won two of the two tournaments. Uruguay also won the tournament in 1928 and 1924. Uruguay was the first to win a tournament in Uruguay in 1924. Uruguay won a single tournament in 1925 and 1928. Uruguay also took part in the tournament.  FIFA made the decision to stage their own international tournament in 1930. FIFA decided to stage the first ever World Cup in Brazil. The tournament was the first of its kind in the history of the FIFA World Cup. FIFA won the World Cup for the first time in Brazil in 1966.  Football was not part of the programme at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. The sport was not popular in the U.S. because of the lack of interest in the sport in the United States. The 1932 Olympics was the first time football was included in the Olympic programme.  Football was dropped from the Games after FIFA and the IOC disagreed over the status of amateur players. FIFA and IOC also disagreed over whether football was allowed to compete in the Games. Football was also dropped after the IOC decided not to use it for the Games in Rio de Janeiro.  FIFA president Jules Rimet thus set about organizing the inaugural World Cup tournament. FIFA president Rimet set to organize the inaugural tournament in Brazil. Rimet's first World Cup was held in Brazil in 1950s and 1961s in Brazil, Brazil, Argentina, Mexico and Mexico.  Uruguay due to celebrate centenary of independence in 1930, FIFA named Uruguay as the host country. Uruguay is now a two-time official world champion and due to be celebrating centenary in 1930. FIFA name Uruguay as host country for the 1930 World Cup in Uruguay. Uruguay will be the first country to host the tournament.  National associations of selected nations were invited to send a team, but the choice of Uruguay as a venue for the competition meant a long and costly trip across the Atlantic Ocean for European sides at the time of the Great Depression. The national associations of some of the world's most famous football associations sent a team to Uruguay.  No European team pledged to send a team until two months before the start of the competition. No European country pledged to sent a team before the tournament began in November. No team has pledged to compete in the competition until the tournament is over two months in advance of the start.  Rimet persuaded teams from Belgium, France, Romania, Hungary, Hungary and Yugoslavia to make the trip. He eventually persuaded teams to travel from Belgium to France, France and Hungary. The trip was a success for Rimet, who won't be able to play again in the tournament.  In total, 13 nations took part \u2013 seven from South America, four from Europe, and two from North America \u2013 took part in the event. Seven of South America's countries took part, seven from Europe and four from the U.S. The event was held in South America and Europe.  The first two World Cup matches took place simultaneously and were won by France and the United States. France beat Mexico 4-1 and Belgium 3-0, respectively. The United States won the first two matches in a shared-time World Cup match against Mexico and Belgium.  Lucien Laurent of France scored the first goal in World Cup history. The first World Cup goal was scored by France's first ever World Cup scoring goal. The World Cup was held in Brazil in 2002. The tournament began in Brazil and ended in a 4-1 victory over Argentina.  First World Cup hat-trick was achieved by Bert Patenaude of the U.S. in the Americans' 3-0 win against Paraguay. Four days later, the first World Cup\u00a0hattrick\u00a0occurred\u00a0against Paraguay in the United States' 3\u20130 win.  The 1934 World Cup was hosted by Italy and was the first World Cup to include a qualification stage. Uruguay defeated Argentina 4-2 in front of a crowd of 93,000 people in Montevideo to become the first nation to win a World Cup. Uruguay became the first country to win the World Cup after defeating Argentina in the final.  Sixteen teams qualified for the tournament, a number which would be retained until the expansion of the finals tournament in 1982. The tournament was originally contested by 16 teams, which would have been expanded to 16 teams. The finals tournament was expanded in 1982, with 16 teams taking part in the tournament.  Uruguay boycotted the 1934 World Cup after poor European attendance at 1930 World Cup in 1930. Uruguay were the titleholders from 1930, still upset about the poor attendance at their World Cup. Uruguay won the World Cup with Uruguay in 1930 and Uruguay in 1934. Uruguay went on to win the tournament in 1934, beating Italy in 1966 and Germany in 1966.  Argentina and Brazil progress to the finals in Italy without having to play any qualifying matches. Bolivia and Paraguay were also absent, allowing Argentina to progress without playing any qualifying games. Brazil will play Argentina in the tournament in Italy in November. Argentina will play Brazil in the finals for the first time in their history.  Egypt became the first African team to compete in the World Cup. They lost to Hungary in the first round of the competition. Egypt was the first team from Africa to compete at the tournament. Hungary defeated Egypt 1-0 in the opening round of competition in Budapest, Hungary.  Italy won the tournament, becoming the first European team to do so. Italy became the first team to win the tournament in a row. The tournament was held in Rome, Italy, Italy and Italy. Italy beat Italy 1-0 in the final group stage of the tournament.  The 1938 World Cup competition was also held in Europe (in France), much to the consternation of many South Americans, with Uruguay and Argentina boycotting. Uruguay, Argentina and Uruguay boycotted the competition, with the World Cup being held in France. The 1938 competition took place in France and Uruguay.  The title holders and the host country were given automatic qualifications. For the first time, the title holders have been given automatic qualification for the tournament. The tournament was held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in 2010, in Brazil, Brazil and Argentina. The first time the title holder and host country have been able to qualify for the competition.  Austria withdrew from the final round of the 1938 World Cup after the Anschluss in 1938. Some Austrian players were added to the German squad, which was eliminated in the first round. Austria had officially qualified for the last round, but withdrew. Austria was eliminated from the last 16 of the tournament after a play-off match against Latvia. Austria's place was offered to England, but they declined. Austria was offered a place in the World Cup, but declined. England won the tournament. Austria's place in Europe was also declined by England's refusal to take it to England. Austria won the award for the first time.  This left the finals with 15 nations competing. The finals left the final with 15 countries competing. This is the first time 15 nations have competed in the finals in a major tournament in a row. The final was held in Melbourne, Australia, New Zealand, on Sunday, July 28.  Italy retained their title, beating Hungary in the final. For the first time the hosts did not win the competition, as Italy did. France hosted the tournament, but for the first\u00a0time the hosts failed to win. Italy beat Hungary 3-1 in their first ever final in the tournament.  Ernest Willimowski became the first player to score four goals in a World Cup game during Poland's 6\u20135 loss against Brazil. His record was later equalled by other players, but was not bettered until 56 years later in the 1994 World Cup in Brazil.  FIFA World Cup was planned to take place in 1942. World War II was due to be held during the World Cup. FIFA had planned to hold the tournament in 1942, but was put on a hiatus due to the war. The tournament was scheduled to be played in 1942 and 1943.  Germany officially applied to host the 1942 FIFA World Cup at the 23rd FIFA Congress on 13 August 1936 in Berlin. Germany was the first country to officially apply for the tournament. Germany won the World Cup in Germany in 1942. The tournament was held in Berlin, Germany's capital, Berlin.  In June 1939, Brazil also applied to host the tournament in Brazil. The tournament was also held in 1939 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Brazil was the first country to apply to host a tournament in 1939. Brazil won the tournament for the first time in 1938 in a single tournament.  The 1942 World Cup was originally planned to be held in 1942, but was cancelled in 1939. The tournament was due to take place in a host country. World War II was also cancelled after the outbreak of hostilities in September 1939. Hosts were selected before the World Cup took place in 1942.  The FIFA tournament did not take place at the end of the 2014 FIFA tournament. The tournament was held in Brazil but did not finish in the tournament. Brazil was hosting the tournament in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, but failed to reach the final round of play-off in Brazil.  FIFA struggled to keep itself afloat during World War II. It had no financial or personnel resources with which to plan a peacetime tournament for when hostilities ended. FIFA struggled financially and had no resources to plan for peacetime tournaments. FIFA was forced to withdraw from the World Cup in 1945.  When the war ended in 1945, it was clear that FIFA would have no hope in a single year of planning and scheduling a 1946 World Cup. FIFA would not have been able to come up with the idea of a World Cup in 1946. FIFA was unable to find a way to schedule the World Cup after the war.  FIFA's first meeting was on 1 July 1946 \u2013 around the time the 1946 World Cup would ordinarily have been played \u2013 and when it planned the next World Cup for 1949 no country would host it. FIFA's World Cup was originally scheduled to be played in 1946, when it was planned for 1949.  The only major international tournament in 1946 was the 1946 South American Championship in which Argentina beat Brazil 2\u20130 on 10 February 1946. Argentina won the tournament 2-0 in a friendly match against Brazil. Argentina was the only team to win a major international competition in 1946.  Competition resumed with the 1950 World Cup in Brazil, which was the first to include British participants. World Cup was first to feature British participants in the 1950s. The 1950s saw the first British participation in the World Cup, which included many of the tournament's first British teams.  British teams withdrew from FIFA in 1920, partly out of unwillingness to play against countries they had been at war with, and partly as a protest against a foreign influence to football, but rejoined in 1946 following FIFA's invitation. FIFA invited British teams to play in 1946 after World War II.  England's involvement in the World Cup failed to be a success. England's participation in the tournament was not a success, however, with the loss of the tournament. England won the tournament, but failed to qualify for the tournament in a dramatic fashion. The tournament ended in a disappointing 0-2 draw with the Czech Republic in 2010.  The English failed to make the final group round in a campaign that included a surprise 1-0 loss to the United States. Uruguay, who had boycotted the previous two World Cups, returned to the tournament. The tournament also saw the return of 1930 champions Uruguay.  Eastern European countries (such as Hungary, the Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia) did not enter for political reasons. Eastern European states did not participate in the event, including Hungary and the Soviet-Czechoslovakia. The Soviet-Eastern bloc did not join the world's largest communist state.  Title-holder Italy did take part, despite the Superga air disaster of 1949 in which the entire Grande Torino team (many of whom were national team players) were killed. Title-holders Italy took part in the competition despite the death of the entire team in that air disaster.  The 1950 World Cup was the only tournament not to stage a final tie, replacing knockout rounds with two group phases. The 1950 tournament was the first World Cup to be played without a final. The tournament was replaced with a two-stage knockout round of two groups stages.  The last match of the second group phase, however, is sometimes referred to as a \"final\", as the group standings meant the winners would be the overall winners. The last game of the group phase is sometimes known as a 'final' as it means the winners are the winners of the whole group.  Uruguay were surprise winners over hosts Brazil with a final score of 2\u20131 (the game would later be known as Maracanazo), and became champions for the second time. Uruguay won the tournament with a 2-1 victory over Brazil, the first time they had won the title.  This game also held the record for the highest attendance at any sporting match, at roughly 200,000. This game was also the highest attended sporting event at any time. The match was held at the same time as the most attended sporting events in the world at around 100,000 people.  The 1954 World Cup, held in Switzerland, was the first World Cup to be televised. The 1954 tournament was held in the Swiss capital, Switzerland. The tournament was televised for the first time in a television broadcast. The World Cup was held at the World Cup in Switzerland in 1954.  Soviet Union did not participate because of their dismal performance at the 1952 Summer Olympics. The Soviet Union failed to participate in the 1952 Winter Olympics in spite of their poor performance in the 1950s. Soviet Union won't participate in any of the events in order to win a gold medal.  Scotland made their first appearance in the tournament, but were unable to register a win. Scotland were eliminated from the tournament after failing to win a single game. Scotland went out of the tournament in a straight away defeat to Germany in their opening match. Scotland lost 1-0 to Italy in their first game in the competition, losing 2-1 to Germany. ",
  "17": " Twenty20 (T20) is a shortened game format of cricket. Twenty20 is a Twenty20 cricket match format. Cricket is a shorter version of the Twenty20 format of the game. Cricket matches are played in a number of cricket events around the world. The format is shortened to a shortened version of cricket cricket.  England and Wales Cricket Board introduced the inter-county competition in 2003. It was introduced at the professional level in 2003 for the England & Wales cricket Board's inter-County Cricket Board competition. It is the first international cricket competition to be introduced at professional level.  In a Twenty20 game, the two teams have a single innings each, which is restricted to a maximum of twenty overs. The two teams are limited to one innings in a game, and the innings is limited to 20 overs. In Twenty20 cricket matches, the innings are only limited to an innings of 20 overs per innings.  Twenty20 is one of the three current forms of cricket recognised by the International Cricket Council as being at the highest international or domestic level. Together with first-class and List A cricket, Twenty20 cricket is recognised as the highest level of cricket at international and domestic levels. First-class, List A and ODI cricket are also recognised as being the highest-level form of cricket.  A typical Twenty20 game is completed in about two and a half hours. Each innings lasts around 70 minutes and an official 10-minute break between innings. Twenty20 games are completed in around two-and-a-half hours, with each innings lasting about 70 minutes.  This is much shorter than previous forms of the game, and is closer to the timespan of other popular team sports, such as football. This is a much shorter form of game than previous versions of game, with a shorter timespan than other forms of team sports.  It was introduced to create a fast-paced game that would be attractive to spectators at the ground and viewers on television. The move was designed to create an attractive atmosphere for spectators and television viewers. It is the first time a game has been played in a competitive international football match.  The game has succeeded in spreading around the cricket world. It has succeeded to spread around the world. The game is now being played in more than 150 countries across the world, including Australia and New Zealand. It is hoped the game will continue to grow in popularity in the world of cricket.  All Test-playing nations have a domestic cup competition. On most international tours there is at least one Twenty20 match per country. All Test nations have domestic cup competitions in their domestic leagues. All international tours have a Twenty20 game on most of their tours of the world.  ECB needed another one-day competition to fill its place after Benson & Hedges Cup ended in 2002. ECB needed to fill the place of the Benson and Hedges cup after it was left out of the competition. ECB won the tournament in 2002 and 2003. ECB have won the competition since 2002.  Cricket authorities are looking to boost the game's popularity with the younger generation in response to dwindling crowds and reduced sponsorship. Cricket authorities were looking to. improve the game with the young generation in a bid to boost its popularity with younger generations. Cricket officials are also looking to increase sponsorship in the future.  It was intended to deliver fast-paced, exciting cricket accessible to thousands of fans who were put off by the longer versions of the game. The new version of cricket has been introduced to make cricket more accessible to fans who are put off of the longer version. It is the first time the game has been played in a cricket World Cup format.  ECB proposed a 20-over-per-innings game to county chairmen in 2001 and they voted 11\u20137 in favour of adopting the new format. The first official Twenty20 matches were played on 13 June 2003 between the English counties in the Twenty20 Cup.  Surrey Lions defeated Warwickshire Bears by nine wickets in the final to claim the title. Surrey Lions won the first season of Twenty20 Twenty20 in England. The Surrey Lions were the first to win the title in the first Twenty20 competition in England in a decade.  The first Twenty20 match held at Lord's attracted a crowd of 27,509, the highest attendance for any county cricket game at the ground \u2013 other than a one-day final \u2013 since 1953. Middlesex and Surrey played in the first match held in July 2004.  13 teams from different parts of the country participated in Pakistan's inaugural competition in 2004. Faisalabad Wolves were the first winners of the competition. Pakistan's first competition was held in 2004, with the first winning team in Pakistan. The first competition took place in Pakistan, with 13 teams taking part in the tournament.  On 12 January 2005 Australia's first Twenty20 game was played at the WACA Ground between the Western Warriors and the Victorian Bushrangers. Western Warriors were the first to play a Twenty20 match in Australia's history. The Western Warriors won their first match in a 20-20 match at WACA.  19 West Indies regional teams competed in what was named the Stanford 20/20 tournament. It drew a sell-out crowd of 20,000, which was the first one in nearly 25 years. The Stanford tournament was held on 11 July 2006, drawing a sell out crowd of\u00a020,000.  The event was financially backed by billionaire Allen Stanford, who gave at least US$28,000,000 in funding money. Allen Stanford gave the event at a cost of at least $28,00,000. The event will be held in New York City, New York, on November 11.  It was intended that the tournament would be an annual event. The tournament was intended to be a one-off tournament. It is intended that it would continue to be held in the future. It has been intended to become an annual tournament for the first time since the tournament was held.  Guyana won the inaugural event, defeating Trinidad and Tobago by five wickets, securing US$1,000,000 in prize money. The Queensland Bulls played the New South Wales Blues at The Gabba, Brisbane, on 5 January 2007. Guyana beat Trinidad & Tobago 5 wickets in the inaugural competition.  16,000 fans turned up on the day to buy tickets, causing Gabba staff to throw open gates and grant many fans free entry. Many fans were given free entry to the stadium after the unexpected turn-up of fans. Gabba fans were able to purchase tickets for the first time ever.  Attendance reached 27,653.Attendance was 27.653. Attendance was the highest of the season for the U.S. at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics in 2008. The U.N. hosted the Winter Olympics in Sochi in Russia on Sunday, April 8.  The Stanford Super Series was held in October 2008 between the three teams. 85,824 people attended the February 2008 Twenty20 match between Australia and India at the Melbourne Cricket Ground. The series was held between the Twenty20 World Champions against the ODI World Champions in February 2008.  Middlesex and Trinidad and Tobago are the winners of the English and Caribbean Twenty20 competitions. Stanford Superstars are formed from West Indies domestic players. Middlesex won the Twenty20 competition in England and Caribbean T20 competition. A Stanford Superstar team was formed by West Indies players.  Trinidad and Tobago won the competition, securing US$280,000 prize money. The country secured US$28,000 in prize money for the competition. The competition will be held in Trinidad & Tobago, Trinidad and Togo, with a total prize money of US$300,000.  Stanford Superstars played England in what was expected to be the first of five fixtures in as many years with the winner claiming US$20,000,000 in each match. The winner of the five matches will claim the winner of each match in each of the matches.  The Stanford Superstars won the first match, but no further fixtures were held as Allen Stanford was charged with fraud in 2009. Allen Stanford has been charged in connection with the fraud allegations against him. No further fixtures will be held after the charges were brought against Stanford in 2009, and no further matches were held.  Several T20 leagues were started after the popularity of the 2007 ICC World Twenty20. Several leagues were formed after the ICC World T20 was held in 2007. Several of the leagues were based around the same time as the 2007 tournament in Australia. The T2020 leagues have been formed in Australia and New Zealand.  The Board of Control for Cricket in India started the Indian Premier League popularly known as IPL in 2008. The league utilizes the North American sports franchise system with ten teams in major Indian cities. The IPL is now the largest cricket league in the world, and is based in India.  In September 2017, the broadcasting and digital rights for the next five years (2018\u20132022) of the IPL were sold to Star India for US$2.55 billion. The IPL is one of the world's most lucrative sports league per match, making it one of world's top sports leagues per match.  The IPL has seen a spike in its brand valuation to US$5.3 billion after the 10th edition. The Big Bash League, Bangladesh Premier League, Pakistan Super League, Caribbean Premier League and Afghanistan Premier League started thereafter, following similar formulae, and remained popular with the fans.  The Women's Big Bash League was started in 2015 by Cricket Australia. The Kia Super League was also started in England and Wales in 2016. Cricket Australia has also started the Kia World Cup in Australia and England. The Australian women's league is based in Australia, England, Australia and Australia.  The Mzansi Super League in South Africa was started in 2018. The league is based on the South African Super League. It is the first season of the league in which South Africa has a Super League season. The South Africa Super League was formed in 2007 and 2009.  Several T20 leagues follow the general format of having a group stage followed by a playoff system among the top four teams. The first- and second-highest placed teams in the group stage face off, with the winner going to the final. The winner of the final will then face off in the final of the tournament.  The third- and fourth-place teams face off, with the loser being eliminated. The loser of the game is eliminated from the tournament. The third and fourth place teams will face off in the final two weeks of the competition. The winner of the last two teams will be eliminated.  The two teams who have not yet made it to the final after the above two matches face off to fill the second berth in the final. In the Big Bash League, there is an additional match to determine which of the fourth- or fifth-placed teams will qualify to be in the top four.  The first Twenty20 International match was held on 5 August 2004 between the England and New Zealand women's teams, with New Zealand winning by nine runs. On 17 February 2005 Australia defeated New Zealand in the first men's international Twenty20 match, played at Eden Park in Auckland.  Both sides turned out in kit similar to that worn in the 1980s. New Zealand team's kit was a direct copy of that worn by the Beige Brigade. The game was played in a light-hearted manner \u2013 both sides were dressed in the same kit as they were in the 80s.  Some of the players sported moustaches or beards and hairstyles popular in the 1980s. They took part in a competition amongst themselves for \"best retro look\" at the request of the Beige Brigade. Some players also sported a moustache or beard.  Glenn McGrath jokingly replayed Trevor Chappell underarm incident from 1981 ODI. Billy Bowden showed him mock red card in response. Australia won the game comprehensively, and as the result became obvious towards the end of the NZ innings, the players and umpires took things less seriously.  The first Twenty20 international in England was played between England and Australia at the Rose Bowl in Hampshire on 13 June 2005. England won by a margin of 100 runs, a record victory which lasted until 2007. On 9 January 2006 Australia and South Africa met in the first international Twenty20 game in Australia.  In a first, each player's nickname appeared on the back of his uniform, rather than his surname, instead of his surname. This was a first for the club, with each player having his nickname listed on back of their uniform. Each player was given a nickname, not their surname, as well as their surname.  The international match drew a crowd of 38,894 people at The Gabba. The match was played in Australia's first major cricket match of the year. The Australian team beat Australia 2-1 at the Gabba in Brisbane's Brisbane Arena on Saturday night. The international game was the first time the team had played a major international match in Australia.  On 16 February 2006 New Zealand defeated West Indies in a tie-breaking bowl-out 3\u20130. 126 runs were scored apiece in the game proper. New Zealand beat West Indies 3-0 in the bowl out in February 2006. West Indies scored 126 runs each in the match.  The game was the last international match played by Chris Cairns. It was the final international match he played for the Australian national team. The match was also the last of his international cricket career to be played by the Australian team. It is the last match he has played for Australia in the national cricket team.  ICC has declared that it sees T20 as the optimal format for globalizing the game. In 2018, the ICC will give international status to all T20 cricket matches played between its member nations. The ICC has also declared that T20 matches will be given international status.  This resulted in a significant leap in the number of T20I matches played across the world. The number of matches played in the world has increased in recent years. This has led to a significant increase in T20 cricket matches being played in all over the world over the years.  Every two years an ICC World Twenty20 tournament is to take place, except in the event of an ICC Cricket World Cup being scheduled in the same year, in which case it will be held the year before. The tournament is held every two years, except for the year of the World Cup.  The first tournament was in 2007 in South Africa where India defeated Pakistan in the final. India won the tournament by beating Pakistan 3-1 in the first match. The tournament was won by India in 2007, when they defeated Pakistan by 2-1. India also won the first tournament in 2007 when they beat Pakistan by 3-0.  Two Associate teams had played in the first tournament. The competition was selected through the 2007 ICC World Cricket League Division One, a 50-over competition. The first tournament was held in a 50 over competition, held in 2007. The tournament was the first of its five-year series of matches.  In December 2007 it was decided to hold a qualifying tournament with a 20-over format to better prepare the teams. The tournament was held in December 2007 and will be held again in the next two years. It will be the first time the tournament has been held in a 20 over format.  Two would qualify for the 2009 World Twenty20 and would each receive $250,000 in prize money. With six participants, two would qualify and each would receive a prize money of up to $500,000. Two would each qualify and would be able to play in the 2009 Twenty20 tournament.  The second tournament was won by Pakistan, who beat Sri Lanka by eight wickets in England on 21 June 2009. Pakistan won the tournament by beating Sri Lanka in England in the first match. Sri Lanka were defeated by Pakistan in the second tournament in England. The tournament was held in Sri Lanka's capital, Karachi.  The 2010 ICC World Twenty20 tournament was held in the West Indies in May 2010. England defeated Australia by seven wickets in the tournament. England won the tournament by a margin of 7 wickets. England were the first team to win the tournament in a series of matches.  The 2012 ICC World Twenty20 was won by the West Indies, by defeating Sri Lanka at the finals. The West Indies defeated Sri Lanka in the final match of the tournament. Sri Lanka won the tournament by defeating the Westies in a one-off match. The tournament was held in New Zealand at the end of October 2012.  It was the first time in cricket history when a T20 World Cup tournament took place in an Asian country. The tournament was held in the first place in Asia. It was also the first T20 tournament to be held in a country in the Asian region. It is the first of its kind in the history of the T20 Cricket World Cup.  The 2014 ICC World Twenty20 was won by Sri Lanka, by defeating India at the finals. Sri Lanka defeated India in the tournament in Bangladesh. The tournament was held in Bangladesh, with Sri Lanka winning the tournament by beating India by two wickets in the final. India won the tournament, beating Sri Lanka by three points.  The 2016 ICC World Twenty20 was won by West Indies. West Indies won the tournament in a one-day match against India. The tournament was held in New Zealand on November 28, 2016. The West Indies were the first team to win a tournament in the tournament.  ICC announced that both 2020 and 2021 editions had been postponed by one year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In July 2020, the ICC announced the postponement of the 2020 and 21st editions of the World Cup was postponed by a year. The 2020 and 20th edition of the ICC was held in July 2020.  ICC expanded the Twenty20 World Cup from 16 to 20 teams starting from the 2024 edition onwards. The tournament will be expanded from 16 teams to 20 starting in June 2021. The ICC will expand the tournament from 16-20 teams in the 2020 edition to 20 from 2024 onwards.  Twenty20 cricket is claimed to have resulted in a more athletic and explosive form of cricket. Cricket is said to have produced a more explosive and athletic form of the game. It is claimed that it has resulted in an explosion in the sport's most explosive form. Twenty20 Cricket has been credited with making cricket more exciting and athletic.  Twenty20 has \"raised the bar\" in terms of fitness levels for all players, says Indian fitness coach Ramji Srinivasan. Twenty20 demands higher levels of strength, speed, agility and reaction time from all players regardless of role in the team. India's fitness coach said Twenty20 had raised the bar for players to reach the highest level of strength and speed.  Matthew Hayden credited with helping Hayden get Hayden's book deal. Matthew Hayden is credited with bringing Hayden to prominence in the film \"American Horror Story\" Matthew Hayden has been credited with the success of his book, \"Haunting\" Hayden, \"The Night of the Night\" series, airs tonight at 8pm ET. ",
  "18": " Potential energy is the energy held by an object because of its position relative to other objects, stresses within itself, its electric charge, or other factors. In physics, potential energy is held by objects because of their position, stress within itself and electric charge. Potential energy can be found in physics, as well as other factors such as stresses in itself.  The term potential energy was introduced by the 19th-century Scottish engineer and physicist William Rankine. It has links to the ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle's concept of potentiality. Potential energy is a form of energy that can be used to store energy in a large amount of energy.  Common types of potential energy include the gravitational potential energy of an object, elastic potential energy  of an extended spring, and electric potential energy from an electric charge in an electric field. Common potential energy is the potential potential of a charge in a field. Potential energy can also be used to create a gravitational gravitational energy of a gravitational object or an elastic potential potential energy.  The unit for energy in the International System of Units (SI) is the joule (symbol J) The SI SI unit is the Joule, the energy unit used by the International system of Units. The SI is a system of units based on energy consumption.  Potential energy is associated with forces that act on a body in a way that the total work done by these forces on the body depends only on the initial and final positions of the body in space. The total work of potential energy depends on the position of a person in space, rather than the position that the body is in space at the time of these forces.  These forces, whose total work is path independent, are called conservative forces. These forces are conservative forces, and their total work must be path independent. Conservative forces are the most conservative forces in the world, according to the U.S. State Department of State Department.  If the force acting on a body varies over space, then one has a force field. Such a field is described by vectors at every point in space, which is in-turn called a vector field. The field is called a \"force field\" and a field field.  A conservative vector field can be simply expressed as the gradient of a certain scalar function. A scalar potential can be expressed as a scalar field. It can also be expressed in terms of a function that has a potential for a conservative field. The potential is a potential potential, a potential, or a potential function.  Potential energy can be related to, and can be obtained from, this potential function. Potential energy is related to the potential function of the potential energy of a potential energy function. The potential energy is obtained from potential energy functions in the potential of a person to have a potential life span.  There are various types of potential energy, each associated with a particular type of force. The potential energy is associated with various forms of force, such as potential energy. There are many potential energy types associated with different types of force and potential energy levels. The energy levels are associated with specific forces and forces, each of which can be associated with particular forces.  Work of an elastic force is called elastic potential energy. Work of the strong nuclear force or weak nuclear force acting on the baryon charge is called nuclear potential energy. Work of intermolecular forces is called intermolescular potential energy; work of the Coulomb force is known as electric potential energy, work of a strong nuclear forces acting on baryons is also known as nuclear potential energies.  Potential energy is the work of the Coulomb force during rearrangement of configurations of electrons and nuclei in atoms and molecules. Energy stored in fossil fuels such as fossil fuels is work of potential energy stored in the fossil fuel industry. The Coulomb forces are used to create potential energy from molecules and atoms.  Thermal energy usually has two components: the kinetic energy of random motions of particles and the potential energy of their configuration. The kinetic energy is the energy of the particles' motion and potential energy. The potential energy is a component of kinetic energy, the potential of the particle's configuration.  Forces derived from a potential are also called conservative forces. Forces derivable from potential are known as conservative forces. Forcing forces derived from potential is a form of force that can be called a potential force. For example, the potential of a potential is called potential force. For example: Potential is a potential.  Conservative force is the work done by a conservative force. It is the change in the potential energy associated with the force. The force's work is defined as the work of the conservative force. The work is done by the force and the potential of the force is defined by its work.  The negative sign provides the convention that work done against a force field increases potential energy. Work done by the force field decreases potential energy, while work done by a field decreases energy. A negative sign is the sign that a negative sign indicates that the energy of a negative force field is increased by negative energy.  Common notations for potential energy are PE, U, V, and Ep.Common notations are PE and U. Notations include PE and Ep, U and Ep. The name of potential energy can be used to refer to potential energy systems in the U.S.  Potential energy is the energy by virtue of an object's position relative to other objects. Potential energy can be defined by the position of objects in relation to each other. The potential energy of potential energy is defined by a position of a moving object relative to an object. Potential potential energy can also be defined as the energy of a person or an object in its position.  Potential energy is often associated with restoring forces such as a spring or the force of gravity. Potential energy can be used to restore forces like a spring, gravity, or a spring. It can also be used for restoring forces like gravity, spring or gravity to restore potential energy.  The action of stretching a spring or lifting a mass is performed by an external force that works against the force field of the potential. An external force is needed to stretch a spring, lift a mass, stretch a mass or lift a spring. The external force works against a potential's force field.  This work is stored in the force field, which is said to be stored as potential energy. The force field can be used to store potential energy, which can be stored in a force field. This energy is stored by the force fields, which are stored in potential energy storage.  If external force is removed the force field acts on the body to perform the work as it moves the body back to the initial position. The force field reduces the stretch of the spring or causing a body to fall or fall. If the external forces are removed the body is moved back to its original position.  The acceleration g of free fall is approximately constant, so the weight force of the ball mg is constant. Consider a ball whose mass is m and its height is h. The weight force is constant for a ball that has a height of h and a mass of m.  Potential energy is the energy difference between the energy of an object in a given position and its energy at a reference position. The product of force and displacement gives the work done, which is equal to the gravitational potential energy. The more formal definition is that potential energy is.  Work and potential energy is closely linked with forces. Potential energy is also closely linked to forces. It is a closely linked relationship between forces and work and energy itself. Work is the most important form of energy in the world, and energy is a key component of the world's economy.  If the work done by a force on a body that moves from A to B does not depend on the path between these points, the work of this force measured from A assigns a scalar value to every other point in space. The work of a force measuring from A assigned a value to all other points in space and defines a potential field.  The force can be defined as the negative of the vector gradient of the potential field. In this case, the force is defined as negative of a potential field's potential gradient. In the case, this is defined by the negative vector gradient. For example, this means the negative gradient of potential field is negative.  If the work for an applied force is independent of the path, then the work done by the force is evaluated from the start to the end of the trajectory of the point of application. The work is evaluated by the work of the force at the start and end of a trajectory.  This means that there is a function U(x), called a \"potential\", that can be evaluated at the two points xA and xB to obtain the work over any trajectory between these two points. This is the case of a function called a potential, called a 'potential'  It is tradition to define this function with a negative sign so that positive work is a reduction in the potential, that is  a reduction of the potential. C is the trajectory taken from A to A to B. C is a trajectory that is taken from a point to a point.  Because the work done is independent of the path taken, then this expression is true for any trajectory, C, from A to B. This is true if the path is not the path you take, then the result is C from C to B. C is C, or C from B, from B.  The function U(x) is called the potential energy associated with the applied force. It is called potential energy. The potential energy is associated with an applied force in a given given a function. The function is called a potential energy (U(x), which is the energy of a force applied to a force.  Forces that have potential energies are gravity and spring forces. Examples of potential energies include spring forces and gravity forces. Forces that are potential energies can be found in the Earth's gravitational pull, gravity, spring forces, and gravity's potential energies. For example, gravity is the force that has potential energies of the Earth.  In this section the relationship between work and potential energy is presented in more detail. This section includes a discussion of the relationship in which work is considered a potential energy source. The relationship is shown in this section of the section. The next section will discuss the relationship of work to potential energy in the future.  The line integral that defines work along curve C takes a special form if the force F is related to a scalar field U\u2032(x) so that the units of U\u2032 must be this case. The work of those forces along a curve C can be evaluated using the gradient theorem to obtain work along the curve.  Work integral does not depend on the path between A and B and is said to be independent of the path. This means the work integral is independent of a path between the path and the path A to B. This is the same as the path B A to A and A.  Potential energy U = \u2212U\u2032(x) is traditionally defined as the negative of this scalar field so that work by the force field decreases potential energy. In this case, the application of the del operator to the work function yields, and the force F is said to be \"derivable from a potential\"  This necessarily implies that F must be a conservative vector field. This also implies that the vector field must be conservative. F must also be conservative vector fields. F is a conservative field field with a conservative form of vector field, say F. F has a conservative type of field, such as F.  Potential U defines a force F at every point x in space, so the set of forces is called a force field. The potential U defines the potential U of a potential U at x in x. A force field is a field of potential forces at a point in space. The field is defined by potential U.  Given a force field F(x), evaluation of the work integral using the gradient theorem can be used to find the scalar function associated with potential energy. The gradient theorem is used to identify potential energy by computing potential energy using the work\u00a0integration\u00a0of force fields.  The power applied to a body by a force field is obtained from the gradient of the work, or potential, in the direction of the velocity v of the point of application. This is done by introducing a parameterized curve from a potential function to a function from a curve to a curve.  For small height changes, gravitational potential energy can be computed using a simple formula. Gravitational potential energy for near-Earth gravity is based on the mass mass in kilograms, g is the local gravitational field (9.8 metres per second squared on Earth), h is the height above a reference level in metres.  Gravity exerts a constant downward force F = (0, 0, Fz) on the center of mass of a body moving near the surface of the Earth. In classical physics, gravity exerts F = Fz on a body that is moving towards the Earth's surface.  The work of gravity on a body moving along a trajectory is calculated using its velocity, v = (vx, vy, vz), to obtain its work of work. The integral of the vertical component of velocity is the vertical distance. The vertical distance of a body is the length of its velocity.  Work of gravity depends only on vertical movement of the curve r(t) The work of gravity is only dependent on the vertical movement. The curve is a curve that has a vertical movement, say the work of gravitational gravity is dependent on its vertical movement. The curve's vertical movement can be seen as a function of gravity.  A horizontal spring exerts a force F = (\u2212kx, 0, 0) that is proportional to its deformation in the axial or x direction. The potential energy for a linear spring is equivalent to the potential energy of a horizontal spring. The force F is F, F is the force F that deforms in a horizontal or axial direction.  The work of this spring on a body moving along the space curve s(t) is calculated using its velocity, v = (vx, vy, vz), to obtain the work of the spring. For convenience, consider contact with the spring occurs at t = 0, then the integral of the product of the distance x and the x-velocity, xvx is x2/2.  The function  is called the potential energy of a linear spring. The function is called \u00a0the potential energy\u00a0of a linear\u00a0spring. It is also known as the potential\u00a0energy of a\u00a0linear\u00a0spring, a function of potential energy. The potential energy function is known as potential energy potential of the spring.  Elastic potential energy is the potential energy of an elastic object that is deformed under tension or compression. The energy of elastic objects that are deformed is also known as elastic potential energy. This is the energy of a bow or a catapult that is stressed or deformed.  It arises as a consequence of a force that tries to restore the object to its original shape, which is most often the electromagnetic force between the atoms and molecules that constitute the object. It arises from a force trying to restore an object's original shape. It is often a result of an electromagnetic force, most often a force between atoms and molecule that constitute an object.  If the stretch is released, the energy is transformed into kinetic energy. If released, it can be transformed into a kinetic energy, the stretch can be released into energy. The stretch is a stretch of stretch that stretches into the air, stretching into air and water. If stretched, it's a stretch that turns the stretch into energy.  The negative sign follows convention that work is gained from a loss of potential energy. The gravitational potential function, also known as gravitational potential energy, is:\u00a0Gravient Potential Energy. The negative negative sign is: \"Work is gained\" for gravitational forces between two bodies.  The gravitational force between two bodies of mass M and m separated by a distance r is given by Newton's law of universal gravitation. G is the gravitational constant of a vector of length 1 pointing from M to m and G is a gravitational constant. The gravitational constant is a vector    pointing from m to m.  The work of gravity on a mass as it moves from position r(t1) to r(r(t2) is given by a formula. This calculation uses the fact that the electrostatic force exerted by a charge Q on another charge q separated by a distance r is given in Coulomb's Law. ",
  "19": " The United States of America (USA) is a country primarily located in North America. It is commonly known as the United States (U.S.) or America, or America. America is located in the U.S. and Canada. It was founded in 1903 and is now the largest country in the world.  50 states, a federal district, five major unincorporated territories, and nine Minor Outlying Islands. The U.S. is the largest country in the world. It is also the largest state in the United States, with 50 states and five federal districts. The United States is one of the world's most populous states and has 50 states.  It includes 326 Indian reservations. Includes 326 Indian reservation sites. It is home to more than 1,000 Native Americans. It also includes 326 reservations in South Carolina, Texas, Arkansas, Georgia, Georgia and Georgia. It has more than 2,000 reservations in the United States.  The U.S. is the world's third-largest country by land area, and by total area. The United States is the third largest country in the world by land and total area by land. The country is the largest country by area and is the most populous country in North America.  It shares land borders with Canada to its north and with Mexico to its south. It also has maritime borders with the Bahamas, Cuba, Russia, and other nations. It is located in Canada, Mexico, Cuba and the Bahamas. It has a long history of piracy.  With a population of over 333 million, it is the most populous country in the Americas and the third-most populous in the world. It is also the world's third most populous nation, with a total of 333 million people. The country is the largest in the United States, with over 300 million people living in Venezuela.  The national capital of the United States is Washington, D.C., and its most populous city and principal financial center is New York City. New York is the city of the nation's largest city and most populous. Washington is the capital city of Washington, Washington and New York are the most populous cities in the country.  Indigenous peoples have inhabited the Americas for thousands of years. Indigenous people have lived in the Americas since the ages of indigenous men and women. The Americas have been inhabited by indigenous people for more than 1,000 years. They have lived on the continent for over a century and a half a century.  British colonization led to the establishment of the Thirteen Colonies in what is now the Eastern United States. British colonization began in 1607, and led to establishment of what now is the Eastern U.S. The Thirteen colonies were established by British settlers in the 16th century.  They clashed with the British Crown over taxation and political representation, which led to the American Revolution. The American Revolution and the ensuing Revolutionary War were the result of the conflict between the British and the American people. They clashed over taxation, political representation and taxation, leading to the Revolutionary War.  The United States declared independence on July 4, 1776. It was the first nation-state founded on Enlightenment principles of unalienable natural rights, consent of the governed, and republicanism. The U.S. declared independence in 1776, becoming the first country-state to declare independence.  The country began expanding across North America, spanning the continent by 1848. The country was expanding across the continent, spanning North America by the end of the 1800s. The U.S. began expanding in 1848, spanning across the North American continent by the age of 1848.  The Confederate States of America fought the remaining states of the Union during the American Civil War (1861\u20131865) Confederate States fought remaining states in the Union in the Civil War. Confederate states of America secedceded from the Union to become the Confederate States. Confederates fought for the Union's right to be free of slavery.  With the Union's victory and preservation, slavery was abolished nationally. Slavery was abolished with the abolition of slavery in 1881. The Union was victorious and preserved the institution of slavery nationally. The slave trade was abolished by the Union in 1883, but slavery was not abolished in 1887.  By 1900, the United States had established itself as a great power, becoming the world's largest economy. The U.S. became the most powerful country in the world, having established itself in 1900. The United States is now the most populous nation in history, having the largest economy in history.  The U.S. entered World War II on the side of the Allies after the attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941. After Japan's attack on December 25, 1941, the United States entered the war in support of the U.K. after Japan's invasion of Pearl Harbor.  The aftermath of the war left the United States and the Soviet Union as the world's two superpowers and led to the Cold War. Both countries engaged in a struggle for ideological dominance and international influence. The Space Race culminated with the U.S. landing the first humans on the Moon in 1969.  Following the Soviet Union's collapse and the end of the Cold War in the early 1990s, it emerged as the world's sole superpower. Following the collapse of Soviet Union, the U.S. emerged as a superpower in the 1990s. It emerged as one of the most powerful countries in the world.  The 2020s saw the United States emerge as the leader of the AI Spring, which has led to ongoing rapid and unprecedented development in artificial intelligence, and a return to space exploration with the Artemis program. Plans to establish a permanent base on the Moon to facilitate the feasibility of human missions to Mars.  The United States government is a federal presidential constitutional republic and liberal democracy with three separate branches of government: legislative, executive, and judicial branches. The U.S. government is the result of a three-party democracy with a president, president, vice president and vice president. The Constitution of the United States is based on the Constitution.  The U.S. has a bicameral national legislature composed of a lower house based on population. The Senate is based on equal representation for each state. The House of Representatives is the lower house and the Senate is the upper house. Each state has an equal number of representatives in both chambers.  Many policy issues are decentralized at a state or local level, with widely differing laws by jurisdiction. State or local laws vary widely by jurisdiction, with varying laws by jurisdictions. Many states and localities have very different laws and policies on issues such as health care and education.  Americans generally value liberty, individualism, and limited government. Americans value individualism and individualism more strongly than individualism. The Constitution is a free speech-free speech of all Americans, including the Founding Father, to be heard in the U.S. House of Representatives.  The country is primarily Anglophonic, with other prominent regional influences. The country's culture is primarily English, with regional influences such as regional influences in the country's cuisine. The language of the majority of the country is English. The majority of its population is primarily anglophophonic.  The United States has the highest mean income per capita of any non-microstate state. The U.S. possesses by far the largest amount of wealth of any country. The country is one of the world's most developed countries, with the largest wealth of all.  The American economy accounts for over a quarter of global GDP and is the largest nominally. The U.S. economy is the world's largest and the largest in terms of GDP. The economy is based in Washington, D.C. and New York, New York.  It ranks among the highest in the world in international measures of quality of life, income and wealth, productivity, productivity and innovation, human rights, and education. It also ranks high in quality of the country's human rights and human rights. It is one of the world's highest-ranked countries in terms of quality, income, wealth and productivity.  The United States is a founding member of the United Nations, the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, NATO and the Organization of American States. The U.S. is a permanent member of U.N. Security Council. The United Kingdom is the largest country in the world and largest economy in North America.  It is a recognized nuclear-weapon state and wields considerable global influence. It is the world's foremost political, cultural, economic, military, and military power. The country is recognized for its nuclear-weapons capabilities. It has a wide range of political and economic ties to North Korea.  The first documentary evidence of the phrase dates back to January 2, 1776, written by Stephen Moylan, a Continental Army aide to General George Washington, to Joseph Reed, Washington's aide-de-camp. The phrase \"United States of America\" was coined in 1776.  Moylan expressed his desire to go \"with full and ample powers from the United States of America to Spain\" to seek assistance in the Revolutionary War effort. Moylan's desire to seek help from the U.S. to Spain was expressed in a letter to Spain.  The first known publication of the phrase \"United States of America\" was in an anonymous essay in The Virginia Gazette newspaper in Williamsburg, on April 6, 1776. The name appeared in drafts of the Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union, authored by John Dickinson, a Founding Father from Pennsylvania.  The first inhabitants of North America migrated from Siberia across the Bering land bridge at least 12,000 years ago. The Clovis culture, which appeared around 11,000 BC, is believed to be the first widespread culture in the Americas. Indigenous peoples are believed to have migrated to North America from Siberia.  indigenous North American culutures grew increasingly sophisticated. Some, such as the Mississippian culture, developed agriculture, architecture, and complex societies. The Mississippians developed agriculture and architecture, including agriculture. Some of the most sophisticated North American cultures were those of Mississippic culture.  Indigenous peoples and cultures such as the Algonquian peoples, Ancestral Puebloans, and the Iroquois developed across the present-day U.S. They are part of the United States' history of indigenous peoples. The Algonquin, Pueblan, and Iroquoans are among those who developed in the U.K.  Native population estimates range from 500,000 to nearly 10 million. Estimates of what is now the United States before the arrival of European immigrants range from around 500 to 10 million before European immigrants arrived in the U.S. Native Americans are estimated to have lived in the area since 1900s.  Christopher Columbus began exploring the Caribbean in 1492, leading to Spanish settlements in present-day Puerto Rico, Florida, and New Mexico. Christopher Columbus explored the region in the early 1500s, starting with the Spanish settlements of Puerto Rico and Florida. Columbus also explored the Americas in the late 1500s and 1500s.  France established their own settlements along the Mississippi River and Gulf of Mexico. France established its own settlements in the Mississippi and Gulf. France also established settlements in Louisiana, Louisiana, Arkansas and New Mexico. The Mississippi River is the source of many of the earliest French settlements in North America.  British colonization of the East Coast began with the Virginia Colony (1607) and Plymouth Colony (160020) British colonization began in 1607 with Virginia Colony. Plymouth Colony began in Plymouth Colony in 1620 with the arrival of the Plymouth colony in 1616. Virginia Colony was the first colony to establish the colony in England.  The Mayflower Compact and the Fundamental Orders of Connecticut established precedents for representative self-governance and constitutionalism that would develop throughout the American colonies. European settlers experienced conflicts with Native Americans, but also engaged in trade, exchanging European tools for food and animal pelts.  Columbian exchange was catastrophic for native populations. The Columbian Exchange was disastrous for native population. Native populations were wiped out by the Columbian-exchange. The exchange was devastating for the native population of Columbian natives. It was also catastrophic for the indigenous population of the Americas.  It is estimated that up to 95 percent of indigenous populations in the Americas perished from infectious diseases during the years following European colonization. The remaining populations were often displaced by European expansion. Up to 95% of the indigenous populations died from infectious disease during European colonization of the Americas.  The original Thirteen Colonies were administered by Great Britain, and had local governments with elections open to most white male property owners. European settlers trafficked African slaves into the colonial U.S. through the Atlantic slave trade. Native Americans were forced to adopt European lifestyles.  The colonial population grew rapidly, eclipsing Native American populations. By the 1770s, only a small minority of Americans had been born overseas. The population grew so rapidly that the population of the colonies eclipsed Native American population. Only a small majority of Americans were born overseas in the 17th century.  The colonies' distance from Britain allowed for the development of self-governance. The First Great Awakening\u2014a series of Christian revivals\u2014fueled colonial interest in religious liberty. The colonies became independent from Britain in the early 1800s, and the First Great Awakening led to religious liberty in Europe.  After winning the French and Indian War, Britain began to assert greater control over local colonial affairs, creating colonial political resistance. Colonial grievances were that Britain taxed the colonies without giving them representation in government. One of the primary colonial grievances was that the colonies were not given representation.  In 1774, the First Continental Congress met in Philadelphia, and passed a colonial boycott of British goods. The colonial boycott was passed by the Congress in 1774. The First Colonial Congress was held in Philadelphia and passed the ban on British goods by the end of the 17th century.  The British attempt to disarm the colonists resulted in the 1775 Battles of Lexington and Concord, igniting the American Revolutionary War. The British attempted disarmament resulted in a series of bloody battles between the British and the American colonies. The American Revolution was started in 1775, when the British tried to disarm colonists.  At the Second Continental Congress, the colonies appointed George Washington commander-in-chief of the Continental Army. The colonies also created a committee led by Thomas Jefferson to write the Declaration of Independence. The Declaration was adopted on July 4, 1776, and George Washington was the first president of the American Revolution.  The political values of the American Revolution included liberty, inalienable individual rights; and the sovereignty of the people; supporting republicanism and rejecting monarchy, aristocracy, and hereditary political power; virtue and faithfulness in the performance of civic duties; and vilification of corruption.  The Founding Fathers of the United States took inspiration from Ancient Greco-Roman, Renaissance, and English models and ideas. George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, Alexander Hamilton, Thomas Jefferson, John Jay, James Madison, Thomas Paine, and John Adams were among the Founding Fathers.  The U.S. gained territory stretching west to the Mississippi River, north to present-day Canada, and south to Spanish Florida. American sovereignty became internationally recognized in 17th century. The territory stretched west to Mississippi River and north to Canada, extending north to Florida.  The Articles of Confederation established a decentralized government that operated until 1789. The Articles were ratified in 1781 and established a decentralised government. They operated until the end of 1789, when they were ratified by the Articles of the Confederation in 1783. They were later established by the Constitution of the United States.  Northwest Ordinance (1787) established the precedent by which the nation would expand with the admission of new states, rather than the expansion of existing states. Ordinance established by which states would be admitted to each other, not existing states, established in 1787. Northwest was the first state to admit new states into the U.S.  The U.S. Constitution was drafted at the 1787 Constitutional Convention. It went into effect in 1789, creating a federation administered by three branches on the principle of checks and balances. The Constitution was written in 1787, and the Constitution was ratified by 1789.  Washington was elected the nation's first president under the Constitution. The Bill of Rights was passed along with the Constitution in 17th century. Washington was the first president of the United States. The Constitution was passed over to Washington in 18th century, and the Constitution was ratified by the Supreme Court. ",
  "20": " George Washington served as the first president of the United States from 1789 to 1797. He died December 14, 1799. Washington was a military officer, statesman, and Founding Father. He was born February 22, 1732, in New York, New York.  Washington was appointed by the Second Continental Congress as commander of the Continental Army in June 1775. He led Patriot forces to victory in the American Revolutionary War and then served as president of the Constitutional Convention in 1787. Washington was president of Convention that drafted and ratified the Constitution of the United States.  Washington has thus been called the \"Father of his Country\" Washington has also been called \"the Father of his country\" Washington was born in 1841. He was born of African-American parents; his father was born from African-Americans; his mother died in 1918. His father was assassinated in 1918 in Washington, D.C.  Washington's first public office, from 1749 to 1750, was as surveyor of Culpeper County in the Colony of Virginia. Washington was a surveyor from 1750-1749. He was the first person to hold a public office in the colony.  He was assigned command of the Virginia Regiment during the French and Indian War. He subsequently received military training and received command training. He served in the Army in the 18th and 17th century. He died in 18th Century of his native Virginia. He was awarded a posthumous award for his bravery.  He was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the Continental Army. He was later elected to the Virginia House of Burgesses. He served as a delegate to the Continental Congress in Philadelphia, which appointed him to be a commander of the army. He also served in the Virginia Senate of 17th century.  Washington led American forces to a decisive victory over the British in the Revolutionary War. The British signed the Treaty of Paris, which acknowledged the sovereignty and independence of the United States. Washington's victory in the war led the British to accept the sovereignty of the U.S.  He resigned his commission in 1783 after the conclusion of the Revolutionary War. He was a member of the British Army of the 17th century. He served in the Navy from 1783 to 1788. He died in 1841. He is one of the most prominent members of the Continental Army to have died in service.  Washington played an indispensable role in adopting and ratifying the Constitution, which replaced the Articles of Confederation in 1789. Washington played a key role in ratifying and adopting the Constitution. Washington's role was to ratify the Constitution of 1789, which was ratified by 1788.  He was then twice elected president by the Electoral College unanimously. The Electoral College voted unanimously for him to be elected president twice. He was elected president of the United States twice in the 1990s and 2000s. He won the presidency of the U.S. House of Representatives in 1996 and 1997.  As the first U.S. president, Washington implemented a strong, well-financed national government. Washington was impartial in a fierce rivalry between Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton. Washington became the first president of the United States in 1777. Washington's government was well-funded and well-organized.  During the French Revolution, he proclaimed a policy of neutrality while sanctioning the Jay Treaty. He declared neutrality in France during the French revolution. He also sanctioned the Jay treaty, which he signed in 1717. He was a member of the Royal Family of the First Hundred Hundred years.  He set enduring precedents for the office of president, including use of the title \"Mr. President\" and the two-term tradition. He was the first president of the United States to hold office in office. He also set a two-year tradition of presidential office.  His farewell address became a preeminent statement on republicanism in which he wrote about the importance of national unity and the dangers regionalism, partisanship, and foreign influence pose to it. His 1796 farewell address was the most famous statement of republicanism. He wrote that regionalism and partisanship pose to national unity.  Washington has been memorialized by monuments, a federal holiday, various media depictions, and geographical locations including the national capital, the State of Washington, stamps, and currency. Washington is the nation's capital, Washington State, the state, and the state of Washington. Washington State is the largest state in the United States.  He is ranked among the greatest U.S. presidents. He was ranked in the U.N. list of the greatest presidents in history. He is also ranked in a long list of America's greatest men. He has been named one of the world's most successful presidents.  In 1976, Washington was posthumously promoted to the rank of General of the Armies, the highest rank in the U.S. Army. Washington died in 1966 at the age of 92. He was awarded a posthumous title to General of The Armies in 1976.  His legacy has become increasingly controversial over time, however, as a result of his ownership of slaves and his relationship with slavery. His relationship with slaves has also become controversial over the years, as well as his own ownership of slave slaves. His legacy is increasingly controversial, as he owns slaves and has become more controversial.  His reputation has also been complicated in modern discourse by his policy of assimilating Native Americans into Anglo-American culture and waging war against indigenous peoples during the Revolutionary War and the Northwest Indian War. His historical reputation is complicated by the fact that he fought to assimilate Native Americans.  George Washington was born on February 22, 1732, at Popes Creek in Westmoreland County, Virginia. He was born in 1732 and died in 1752. Washington was the first president of the Revolutionary War in Washington, D.C. and the first lady of the U.S.  He was the first of six children of Augustine and Mary Ball Washington. He was born in Washington, D.C. He was married to Augustine Ball Washington and had six children. He is the first son of George W.S. Ball Washington, who died in 1918, and his wife died in 1915.  His father was a justice of the peace and a prominent public figure who had four additional children from his first marriage to Jane Butler. He had four more children with his first wife, Jane Butler, from whom he had four other children. His father is a former justice of peace and public figure.  The family moved to Little Hunting Creek in 1734 before eventually settling in Ferry Farm near Fredericksburg, Virginia. The family also moved to Ferry Farm in 1741 and later settled in the state of Virginia. In 1734, the family was moved to a farm in Little Hunting Cattock Creek.  Augustine died in 1743, Washington inherited Ferry Farm and ten slaves. His older half-brother Lawrence inherited Little Hunting Creek and renamed Mount Vernon. Washington did not have formal education at Appleby Grammar School in England, but he did attend the Lower Church School in Hartfield.  He learned mathematics, trigonometry, and land surveying, and became a talented draftsman and mapmaker. He was born in New York City, New York, and died in 1918. He is credited with helping to build the city of New York in the early 1900s.  By early adulthood, he was writing with \"considerable force\" and \"precision\" by writing with precision. He was also writing with force and precision in his early adulthood. In his early childhood, he wrote with force, precision and force of writing. He died at the age of 92 in his native New Zealand.  Washington compiled Rules of Civility and Decent Behaviour in Company and Conversation. The rules were copied from an English translation of a French book of manners. Washington often visited Mount Vernon and Belvoir, the plantation of William Fairfax, William Fairfax's father-in-law.  Washington spent a month surveying Fairfax's Shenandoah Valley property in 1748. Fairfax became Washington's patron and surrogate father. Washington spent time surveying the property. Washington's father became a friend of Washington's in the 17th century. Fairfax died in 1749.  The following year, he received a surveyor's license from the College of William & Mary. He received the license in 2010. He was awarded the following year. He also received a surveying license from William and Mary College in 2012. He died in 2010 at the age of 92.  Even though Washington had not served the customary apprenticeship, Fairfax appointed him surveyor of Culpeper County, Virginia, in 1749. Washington took his oath of office July 20, 1749, taking his oath in the state of Virginia. Washington was the first president of the 17th century.  He resigned from the job in 1750, but continued to do surveys west of the Blue Ridge Mountains. He subsequently familiarized himself with the frontier region, and though he resigned, he continued to survey the area. He was one of the most prominent surveyors of the frontier.  In 1751, Washington accompanied Lawrence to Barbados, hoping the climate would cure his brother's tuberculosis. In 1752, he had bought almost 1,500 acres (600 ha) in the Valley and owned 2,315 acres (937 ha) by 1752.  Washington contracted smallpox during that trip, which left his face slightly scarred. Washington's face was scarred after contracting smallpox. Washington died of smallpox on his trip to Africa in 1953. Washington was hospitalized with smallpox, which scarred his face in the aftermath of that trip.  Washington leased Mount Vernon from his widow Anne. He inherited it outright after her death in 1761. Washington died in 1752, and Washington inherited it from Anne's widow. Washington inherited Mount Vernon after his widow died in the 17th year of her death at Mount Vernon.  Lawrence Washington's service as adjutant general of the Virginia militia inspired George to seek a commission. George sought a commission from Lawrence Washington in 1752-1758. George Washington was the son of Lawrence Washington, who died in 1758. He was the first president of the American Revolution in the 17th century.  Virginia's lieutenant governor appointed Washington as a major and commander of one of the four militia districts. Washington is a major in one of Virginia's militia districts, according to Dinwiddie. Washington was appointed by the lieutenant governor of Virginia to lead a militia district in Virginia.  The British and French were competing for control of the Ohio Valley. Dinwiddie appointed Washington as a special envoy in October 1753. The British were constructing forts along the Ohio River and the French between the Ohio river and Lake Erie. Washington was appointed as an envoy to Dinwidie.  He had sent Washington to demand French forces to vacate land that was claimed by the British. He also demanded French forces vacate British land that had been claimed by France. Washington sent Washington back to France in order to get the land vacated by British forces. Washington ordered Washington to remove French forces from the land.  Washington was appointed to make peace with the Iroquois Confederacy and gather intelligence about the French forces. Washington was also appointed to gather intelligence on French forces in order to gather further intelligence. Washington also appointed as a peacemaker for the French, and to gather more intelligence on the French.  Washington met with Half-King Tanacharison, and other Iroquois chiefs, at Logstown. Washington gathered information about the numbers and locations of the French forts, as well as intelligence concerning individuals taken prisoner by the French. Washington also gathered information on the number of French fortresses and prisoners.  Washington was nicknamed Conotocaurius by Tanacharison. Washington's nickname was given to the city of Washington in 1903. Washington was the first city to be named Washington. Washington is now the world's largest city in the United States and has a population of 4,000 people.  The name, meaning \"devourer of villages\", had been given to his great-grandfather John Washington in the late 17th century by the Susquehannock. Washington's party reached the Ohio River in November 1753, and was intercepted by a French patrol.  The party was escorted to Fort Le Boeuf, where Washington was received in a friendly manner. Washington was greeted by a friendly military escort. Washington received a friendly welcome from the French troops. Washington died in 1841 at the hands of General Sherman, President of the United States.  He delivered the British demand to vacate to the French commander Saint-Pierre, but the French refused to leave. The French were too reluctant to leave, and the British refused to do so. The Battle of the Crimea was the first major British victory in the Crimean War in the 19th century.  Saint-Pierre gave Washington his official answer after a few days of delay. He also gave the French president food and winter clothing for his party's journey back to Virginia. The French president's party returned to France on the way back to the U.S. after a week of travel.  Washington completed the precarious mission in 77 days, in difficult winter conditions. The mission achieved a measure of distinction when his report was published in Virginia and London. Washington's mission was published by London and Virginia, and the United States, in Virginia, London and Washington, D.C.  In February 1754, Dinwiddie promoted Washington to lieutenant colonel and second-in-command of the 300-strong Virginia Regiment. Washington had orders to confront French forces at the Forks of the Ohio. Washington was promoted as lieutenant colonel in 1754. He was second in command of the Virginia Regiment, with orders to face French forces.  Washington set out with half the regiment in April and soon learned a French force of 1,000 had begun construction of Fort Duquesne there. Washington learned that the French force had begun building a French fort in the area. Washington went to the site in April, but soon learned of the construction of the fort.  In May, having set up a defensive position at Great Meadows, he learned that the French had made camp seven miles (11 km) away. Washington advanced on May 28 with a small force of Virginians and Indian allies to ambush them. The French detachment proved to be only about 50 men, so Washington advanced.  During the ambush, French forces were killed outright with muskets and hatchets, including French commander Joseph Coulon de Jumonville, who had been carrying a diplomatic message for the British. The ambush was the first time British forces had been ambushed by the French forces.  The full Virginia Regiment joined Washington at Fort Necessity the following month with news that he had been promoted to command of the regiment and colonel upon the regimental commander's death. The French later found their countrymen dead and scalped, blaming Washington for their deaths.  The regiment was reinforced by an independent company of a hundred South Carolinians led by Captain James Mackay. Mackay's royal commission outranked Washington's and a conflict of command ensued. The company was reinforced with a company of 100 South Carolines led by Mackay, who led the South Carolinian company.  On July 3, a French force attacked with 900 men, and the ensuing battle ended in Washington's surrender. Washington surrendered to the French on July 3. Washington's defeat was the first major defeat since the Battle of Gettysburg in 18th century. Washington was defeated by the French in the battle.  Colonel James Innes took command of intercolonial forces, the Virginia Regiment was divided, and Washington was offered a captaincy in one of the newly formed regiments. Washington signed a surrender document in which he unwittingly took responsibility for \"assassinating\" Jumonville, later blaming the translator for not properly translating it.  He refused, however, as it would have been a demotion and instead resigned his commission. He refused to be demoted, instead resigning his commission as a result of the demotion. He said he would not have been demoted if he was demoted.  The \"Jumonville affair\" became the incident which ignited the French and Indian War, later to become part of the Seven Years' War. The incident became the first major incident to ignite the war in France and India. The affair was the first time the war was started in France in 17th century.  In 1755, Washington served as an aide to General Edward Braddock, who led a British expedition to expel the French from Fort Duquesne and the Ohio Country. Washington served voluntarily as a British aide to Braddock in 1755. Washington died in 1881.  On Washington's recommendation, Braddock split the army into one main column and a lightly equipped \"flying column\" Braddock divided his army into two main columns and one lightly equipped flying column. Braddock's army was divided into two separate columns, one main and one \"flying\" column.  The French and their Indian allies ambushed the divided army at Monongahela. Washington was left behind, suffering from severe dysentery. He rejoined Braddock when he rejoined him in the battle. The French ambushed Braddock's army in June 18th, 18th and 18th.  Two-thirds of the British force became casualties, including the mortally wounded Braddock. Braddock was killed in the Battle of Gettysburg in June 18, 1818. The battle was the first major British victory since the First Battle of the Crimean War in 1881.  Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Gage, Washington, still very ill, rallied the survivors and formed a rear guard, allowing the remnants of the force to disengage and retreat. During the battle, Washington was still ill, but survived. The remnants of Washington's force were forced to retreat. ",
  "21": "Crickets are orthopteran insects which are related to bush crickets, and, more distantly, to grasshoppers. They are closely related to each other, including bush crickets, and grasshops, which are very distantly related to grasshoppers.  In older literature, such as Imms, \"crickets\" were placed at the family level (i.e. family level) in older literature. In older\u00a0literaries\u00a0such\u00a0as\u00a0as well as\u00a0Imms, crickets\u00a0were placed at family level. Gryllidae are thought to be in the superfamily Grylloidea, but are now considered in the family Gryllidae. They are considered to be part of the Gryllidea superfamily, Gryllida, but some now consider them to be a form of form Gryllid species.  The word has been used in combination to describe more distantly related taxa in the suborder Ensifera, such as king crickets and mole crickets. It has also been used to describe distantly similar taxa such as King crickets or mole crickets. Crickets have cylindrically shaped bodies, round heads, and long antennae. Cricket has cylindridic shaped bodies with round heads and cylindrical bodies. Insects have round heads with long antennaes and round bodies with cylindrahed bodies.  Behind the head is a smooth, robust pronotum. The head is also smooth and robust. Behind the back is a robust, smooth-looking, robust\u00a0pronotum, a smooth head and a thick, robust head. Back to Mail Online home. Back To The Top of the Top of The Top Of The Top Offend.  The abdomen ends in a pair of long cerci; females have a long, cylindrical ovipositor. The abdomen of females is covered in cerci, with the abdomen ending in a long pair of cerci. Females have an ovipoitor; males have a short, cylinular abdomen with a long oviposeitor.  As with many Orthoptera, the hind legs have enlarged femora, providing power for jumping. The legs with 3-segmented tarsi are common in Orthopteras. The hind legs with enlarged femorora provide power for jumpers. As with other Orthopteran species, the legs of these species have 3\u00a0segmentated\u00a0tarsi.  The front wings are adapted as tough, leathery elytra, and some crickets chirp by rubbing parts of these together. Some crickets are adapted to chirping by rubbing together the tough parts of their wings together. The front wing of the crickets is adapted to be tough and leathery, like leathery parts of the front wings.  The hind wings are folded when not in use for flight. Many species, however, are flightless. The wings of many species of species are often folded and not used in flight. The hind wing is folded when used for flight, and the hind wings fold when not used for flying.  The largest members of the family are the bull crickets, Brachytrupes, which are up to 5 cm (2 in) long. The largest family members are the Bull Crickets, which can be up to 2cm (2\" long) Largest members of family are those of the bull\u00a0cricket\u00a0family.  Cricket is distributed all around the world except at latitudes 55\u00b0 or higher. The greatest diversity is in the tropics, with the greatest diversity being in the subt subt subtropical region of the world. Crickets are distributed in the United States, Australia, Canada and New Zealand.  They occur in varied habitats from grassland, bushes, and forests to marshes, beaches, and caves. They are often found in caves, caves, marshes and beaches. They can be found in grasses, bushes and forests, grasses and marshes.  Cricket is mainly nocturnal, and is best known for the loud, persistent, chirping song of males trying to attract females. Some species are mute, although some species of crickets are mute. Crickets have a loud chirking song of male males, but some species have mute.  singing species have good hearing, via the tympana on the tibiae of the front legs. The singing species of this species are known as the singing species. They are found in Australia and New Zealand. The species have a good hearing system, via their hearing system on their legs.  Cricket crickets often appear as characters in literature. Crickets are often mentioned in cricket books and other works of science fiction and science fiction. They often appear in the form of cricketers in various fictional works of fiction and poetry. The cricket cricketer is often used as a character in some of the world's most famous works.  The Talking Cricket features in Carlo Collodi's 1883 children's book, The Adventures of Pinocchio, and in films based on the book. It features in the book and in the films based upon the book, which was published in 1883. It is also featured in the 1883 film version of the novel.  The insect is central to Charles Dickens's 1845 The Cricket on the Hearth and George Selden's 1960 The Cricket in Times Square. Charles Dickens' The Cricket On the Hearth is based on The Cricket In Times Square, published in 1845. The insect was central to Dickens' 1845 novel The Cricket of the Hearth.  William Wordsworth, John Keats, Du Fu and Vladimir Nazor have all celebrated crickets in poems. Crickets are celebrated in poems by Wordsworth and Keats and Du Fu. The cricketers are also celebrated in a poem by John Keat, William Wordworth and John Wordsworth.  They are kept as pets in countries from China to Europe, sometimes for cricket fighting. Sometimes used as pets for cricket fights, they are kept in countries such as China and Europe. They are also kept in the UK as pets, sometimes used as a cricket fighting toy.  Cricket is efficient at converting their food into body mass, making them a candidate for food production. Cricket is an efficient way of converting food to body mass. Cricket bats are an example of food production in a range of ways to grow their own food. Cricket's diet is a key ingredient in the production of food for humans.  They are used as human food in Southeast Asia, where they are sold deep-fried in markets as snacks. They are also sold deep fried in Asian markets as snack food in the form of deep fried food. The animals are used in Southeast Asian markets, with some selling them as snacks in Asia.  They are also used to feed carnivorous pets and zoo animals. They are often used in feedings of carnivorous animals, zoo animals and pets. They can also be used for feeding carnivorous dogs and other animals in zoos and on display in the UK and Australia.  In Brazilian folklore, crickets feature as omens of various events. Crickets are believed to have been omens in Brazilian folklore. In Brazil, they are considered omens for various events such as the death of a cricketer in the early 1900s. The cricketers are considered an omens by some in Brazil's folklore.  Crickets are small to medium-sized insects with mostly cylindrical, somewhat vertically flattened bodies. Insects are small-to-medium-sized insect insects. Cricket is small to small- to medium to medium sized insects with a cylindralled body with a flattened body.  The head is spherical with long slender antennae arising from cone-shaped scapes (first segments) and just behind these are two large compound eyes. The first segments of the head are first segments, and the first is first segments (first segment) of the first segment. The second segment is first segment of the second segment (second segment) and the last segment (third segment)  On the forehead are three ocelli (simple eyes) on the forehead. On each side of the head are three simple eyes. On top of the forehead is three simple ocello (simple eye) on a forehead. The name means \"simple eyes\" and \"simple forehead\"  The pronotum (first thoracic segment) is trapezoidal in shape, robust, and well-sclerotized. It is a trapezoid in shape and robust in shape. It was also robust in its shape and is well sclerotizeized.  At tip of abdomen is a pair of long cerci (paired appendages on rearmost segment) in females, the ovipositor is cylindrical, long and narrow, smooth and shiny. In females, ovopositor in females is long, narrow and shiny and smooth.  Femora (third segments) of the back pair of legs are greatly enlarged for jumping. The femora are the third segments of the legs of a pair of back pairs of legs. They are often used to jump in order to stay on the ground for the longest periods of time.  The tibiae (fourth segments) of the hind legs are armed with a number of moveable spurs, the arrangement of which is characteristic of each species. The arrangement of these spurs is characteristic\u00a0of each species of the tibia and tibia of the species.  The tibiae of the front legs bear one or more tympani which are used for the reception of sound. The wings lie flat on the body and are very variable in size between species, being reduced in size in some crickets and missing in others. The wing is very variable between species.  The fore wings are elytra made of tough chitin, acting as a protective shield for the soft parts of the body and in males, bear the stridulatory organs for the production of sound. In males, the wings bear the organs for producing sound.  The hind pair is membranous, folding fan-wise under the fore wings of the hind pair. The hind pairs are similar to the hind pairs of the wings of this species. The wings fold fanwise fanwise, folded fanwise under fore wings. The fore pair is the only wing of the species to have a hemoplane.  In many species, the wings are not adapted for flight. The largest members of the family are the 5 cm (2 in)-long bull crickets (Brachytrupes) which excavate burrows a metre or more deep. The wings of many species of the species have not been adapted to flight.  Tree crickets (Oecanthinae) are delicate white or pale green insects with transparent fore wings. The field crickets are robust brown or black insects. The tree crickets have a transparent fore wing and brown fore wings, while the field\u00a0crickets (Gryllinae\" are robust\u00a0brown.  Cricket has a cosmopolitan distribution, being found in all parts of the world with the exception of cold regions at latitudes higher than about 55\u00b0 North and South. Cricket batsmen are found in almost all of the globe, except for the coldest latitudes at 55\u00b0 north and south.  They have colonised many large and small islands, sometimes flying over the sea to reach these locations, or perhaps conveyed on floating timber or by human activity. They sometimes fly over sea to find these locations and perhaps convey them to these locations by boat, timber or timber.  The greatest diversity occurs in tropical locations, such as in Malaysia, where 88 species were heard chirping from a single location near Kuala Lumpur. The birds are often found in tropical areas such as Malaysia, with 88 species being heard in one location in the city of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.  A greater number than this could have been present because some species are mute. Some species of crickets are found in many habitats, such as many as possible in many of the world's most common habitats. The crickets were found in a number of different habitats, including many of them in the wild.  Members of several subfamilies are found in the upper tree canopy, in bushes, and among grasses and herbs. Subfamilies include the species found in trees, bushes, grasses, herbs, and grasses. Members of this subfamiliaries are found under the canopy of trees and under bushes.  They also occur on the ground and in caves, and some are subterranean, excavating shallow or deep burrows. Some are also excavated in deep or deeper burrows, such as in caves and on ground and underground. They are also known to be found in caves or underground, excavated on ground or underground.  Some beach-dwelling species can run and jump over the surface of water. Others make home in rotting wood, and some make home with rotting wood. Beach-diving species can jump over surface of the water, jumping over rotting wood on the beach, among other creatures.  Cricket is relatively defenceless, soft-bodied insects. Insects are relatively soft and defenceless. Cricket is a relatively soft, defenceless insect. Insect is a soft-bodged insect that is protected by its defence. Cricket's defence is relatively low-cost insect defence.  Most species are nocturnal and spend the day hidden in cracks, under bark, inside curling leaves, under stones or fallen logs, in leaf litter, or in the cracks in the ground that develop in dry weather. Most species spend the night in cracks or under bark or under fallen logs.  Some excavate their own shallow holes in rotting wood or underground and fold in their antennae to conceal their presence. Others fold their antennaes in their own holes to conceal the presence of the antennae. The antennae fold in to conceal its antennae in order to avoid detection.  Some burrows are temporary shelters, used for a single day, but others serve as more permanent residences and places for mating and laying eggs. Some of these burrows can be used as temporary shelters or permanent residences. Others are used as permanent residences for mating, laying eggs and mating purposes.  Cricket burrows burrow by loosening the soil with the mandibles and then carrying it with the limbs, flicking it backwards with the hind legs or pushing it back with the head. Other defensive strategies are the use of camouflage, fleeing, and aggression, among others.  Some species have adopted colouring, shapes, and patterns that make it difficult for predators that hunt by sight to detect them. Species have adopted shapes, colours, shapes that make them difficult to detect by sight. Some species are colouring themselves to make it harder for predators to find them.  Desert species are dull shades of brown, grey, and green that blend into their background. Desert species tend to be pale and pale, and desert species are often pale. They tend to blend into the background of their surroundings and blend in with their surroundings. Desert plants are usually pale and brown.  Some species of species can fly, but the mode of flight tends to be clumsy. The most usual response to danger is to scuttle away to find a hiding place. Some species are known to be wary of danger, but some species are more likely to try to hide.  Gryllacrididae or raspy crickets from Australia were found to have the strongest bite of any insect. While some crickets have a weak bite, some have a strong bite of the strongest of all insects. Gryllaceridids are found to be the most biting insect in the world, according to the study.  Most male crickets make a loud chirping sound by stridulation (scraping two specially textured body parts together) Chirping is a sign that crickets are not afraid of predators. Most male cricket crickets can make the sound by scratching their body parts with special textured parts.  The stridulatory organ is located on the tegmen, or fore wing, which is leathery in texture. It is located in the Tegmen of the wing, a leathery, or leathery wing of the species. The tegman is the most common organ of a butterfly.  A large vein runs along the centre of each tegmen, with comb-like serrations on its edge forming a file-like structure. At the rear edge is a scraper, and at the rear end of the tegman is a scrapper. A large. vein runs. along the. centre of the each of the Tegmen is a vein.  The tegmina are held at an angle to the body and rhythmically raised and lowered. This causes the scraper on one wing to rasp on the file on the other. The scraper is held at a height and the file is raised at a rhythmically rhythmically.  The central part of the tegmen contains the \"harp\", an area of thick, sclerotized membrane which resonates and amplifies the volume of sound. The pocket of air between the air and the body wall also resonates, amplifies sound.  Several types of cricket songs are in the repertoire of some species. Most female crickets lack the necessary adaptations to stridulate, so make no sound. Some species of crickets have songs in their repertoire of songs, such as cricket songs, which can be played by females.  The calling song attracts females and repels other males, and is fairly loud. It attracts females, repels males and is loud and attracts males. The song is loud enough to attract females and attract males, but is also loud enough for males to emit a loud call.  The courting song is used when a female cricket is near and encourages her to mate with the caller. It is used to encourage the female cricket to mate and mate with a caller. The song is a popular cricketing song used in cricket cricketing circles. It was used in the 1980s.  A triumphal song is produced for a brief period after a successful mating. It may reinforce the mating bond to encourage the female to lay some eggs rather than find another male. It can be used to encourage females to lay eggs rather to find a new male to mate with.  An aggressive song is triggered by contact chemoreceptors on the antennae that detect the presence of another male cricket. Cricket chirp at different rates depending on their species and the temperature of their environment. The aggressive song can be heard by a male cricket in a different species of cricket.  Most species chirp at higher rates the higher the temperature is. 62 chirps a minute at 13 \u00b0C (55 \u00b0F) in one common species; each species has its own rate of chirping. Each species has a rate of about 62\u00a0chirps\u00a0a minute at a temperature of about 55 \u00b0C.  The relationship between temperature and the rate of chirping is known as Dolbear's law. The law is also known as 'Dolbear's Law' and 'Dollbear's Chirping' The law applies to temperature and rate of the chirpiness of a bird.  According to this law, counting the number of chirps produced in 14 seconds by the snowy tree cricket, common in the United States, and adding 40 will approximate the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit. This law is based on the chirping of a snowy tree cricketer, a common U.S. bird.  Dr. William H. Cade discovered that the parasitic tachinid fly Ormia ochracea is attracted to the song of the cricket, and uses it to locate the male to deposit her larvae on him. The fly uses the song to locate its male, and deposit the larvae on the male.  It was the first known example of a natural enemy that locates its host or prey using the mating signal. It was first known to be used by predators to locate their prey using mating signals. It is believed to be the first natural enemy to use the signal to locate its prey or host.  Many species of crickets have been found to be carrying the same parasitic fly, or related species. Since then, many species of cricket were found to carry the parasitic fly. The parasitic fly has been found in many of the world's crickets, or other species, since then.  A mutation leaving males unable to chirp was observed amongst a population of Teleogryllus oceanicus on the Hawaiian island of Kauai, enabling these crickets to elude their parasitoid predators. In response to this selective pressure, a mutation was observed in a population on Kauai.  A different mutation with the same effect was also discovered on the neighboring island of Oahu (ca.ca. 2010) A mutation also was discovered on Oahu, Hawaii, with a different mutation also discovered in the same way. A mutation was also found in Hawaii on the same island. 100 miles (160 km) away from the site of the World War II crash. The crash occurred at the scene of the crash, which involved a helicopter crash, but was not involved in the crash.100 miles away from where the crash occurred. The crash was caused by a car crash that crashed into the ocean.  New \"purring\" males of the same species in Hawaii are able to produce a novel auditory sexual signal that can be used to attract females while reducing the likelihood of parasitoid attack from the fly. The new signal reduces the likelihood that parasitoids will attack the male.  Ground crickets (Nemobiinae) are wingless; others have small fore wings and no hind wings. Others have shortened fore wings in females only, while others are macropterous, with the hind wings longer than the fore wings. Some species are wing-less, such as the ground crickets.  In Teleogryllus, the proportion of macropterous individuals varies from very low to 100%. The proportion of individuals that are macrophered individuals varies between very low and 100% of the population. Teleogyrllus is one of the largest species of species in the world, with macropherous individuals.  Probably, most species with hind wings longer than fore wings engage in flight. Some species, such as Gryllus assimilis, take off, fly, and land efficiently and well, whil some species can take off and fly well. Most species with long wings are likely to have long wings. ",
  "22": " The Laws of the Game are the codified rules of association football. They are the laws of the game, which are based on football's laws. They include the Laws of Football's Laws of The Game and Laws of Champions League football. The Laws are also known as Football's Rules of The Football League.  The laws mention the number of players a team should have, the game length, the size of the field and ball, the type and nature of fouls that referees may penalise, the offside law, and many other laws that define the sport. The laws also include the size and length of the game and ball.  The Laws of the Game are the laws of the game. Referees are tasked with interpreting and enforcing the laws during a match. They are also tasked with enforcing the Laws of The Game. Referee is the only official in charge of the referee in a football match.  There were attempts to codify rules among the various types of football in the mid-19th century. There were various attempts to\u00a0codify\u00a0rules among the\u00a0different\u00a0types of football. There was also an attempt at codifying rules for football in football.  The extant Laws date back to 1863 where a ruleset was formally adopted by the newly formed Football Association (FA) and written by its first secretary, Ebenezer Cobb Morley. The laws were written by the first secretary of the FA, Ebeneszer Cobb Marley.  Since 1886, the Laws have been maintained by the International Football Association Board (IFAB) since 1886. IFAB maintains the laws of football under the influence of the FIFA World Cup. The laws have been amended over the years and have been updated by FIFA since 1986.  The Laws are the only rules of association football FIFA permits its members to use. FIFA is only permitted to use the Laws of its members of the world's football club. FIFA's Laws are only rules that FIFA members can use in association football. FIFA are only allowed to use its own rules of football in the World Cup.  Almost all organised football worldwide is played under the same ruleset. The Laws currently allow some minor optional variations which can be implemented by national football associations, including some for play at the lowest levels, but otherwise most of the world's organised football is played in the same way.  Major League Soccer used a distinct ruleset during the 1990s. The National Federation of State High School Associations and National Collegiate Athletic Association still use rulesets that are comparable to, but different from, the IFAB Laws. The IFAB ruleset is similar to that of Major Leagues Soccer in the United States.  The Laws of the Game consist of seventeen individual laws, each containing several rules and directions. Law 1: The Field of Play; Law 2: The Ball; Law 3: The Players; Law 5: The Referee; Law 6: The Other Match Officials; Law 7: The Duration of the Match; Law 8: The Start and Restart of Play. Covers kick-off and dropped-ball; other methods of restarting play are covered in other laws.  Law 9: The Ball In and Out of Play of Play; Law 10: Determining the Outcome of a Match; Law 11: Offside; Law 12: Fouls and Misconduct; Law 13: Free Kicks; Law 15: The Throw-in; Law 16: The Goal Kick; Law 17: The Corner Kick; Laws 17: Permitted variations.  Laws permit some variation for youth, veterans, disability and grassroots football, such as shortening the length of the game and the use of temporary dismissals. The Laws allow some variation, including shortening of the match length and using temporary dismissalals, to be used in youth and veterans matches.  In 1997, a major revision dropped whole paragraphs and clarified many sections to simplify and strengthen the principles. A major revision of the book was made in 1997 to simplify the presentation and interpretation of the text. The book is now published in the U.S. State Department of Education.  These laws are written in English Common Law style. They are meant to be guidelines and goals of principle that are then clarified through practice, tradition, and enforcement by the referees. The laws are intended to clarify the goals and principles of principle, then clarify through practice and tradition.  The actual law book had long contained 50 pages more of material, organised in numerous sections, that included many diagrams. Many diagrams but were not officially part of the main 17 laws. The material was organised in various sections, organised by sections, but not officially included in the main law.  In 2007, many of these additional sections along with much of the material from the FIFA Questions and Answers (Q&A) were restructured and put into a new \"Additional Instructions and Guidelines for the Referee\" section. In 2007 many additional sections of FIFA's \"Questions and Answers\" section were put together.  The material from this section was folded into the Laws themselves. In the 2016/2017 revision of the Laws, the material from the section has been folded in to the laws themselves. The material was published in the 2015/16/17 edition of the UK's new laws.  Referees are expected to use their judgement and common sense in applying the laws. This is colloquially known as \"Law 18\" Law 18 is known as 'Law 18' Law 18: Use judgement and use common sense to apply the laws to make decisions.  The laws are administered by the International Football Association Board (IFAB) The laws govern football's governing body, FIFA. FIFA is the only body in charge of the governing body of international football. The laws were administered by IFAB, which is administered by FIFA. The FIFA World Cup is the first major tournament to be held in the World Cup since 1998.  They meet at least once a year to debate and decide any changes to the text as it exists at that time. They meet each other to discuss changes to text as they exist at the time of the year. They also meet to discuss any changes in the text that have been made in the past.  Meeting in winter generally leads to an update to the laws on 1 July of each year that take effect immediately. The meeting in winter leads to a new set of laws taking effect on July 1, 2015. The new laws will take effect on January 1, 2016, when they are updated by July 1.  Laws govern all international matches and national matches of member organisations. The laws govern all matches and international matches of the FIFA World Cup and Euro 2016. FIFA's governing body is the governing body of international and domestic football. FIFA is the world's only governing body for international and national football.  A minimum of six of the eight-seat IFAB board needs to vote to accept a rule change. IFAB is the only body to decide whether to change the rule change in the sport's governing body. A minimum six of IFAB's eight-member board must vote to agree to the change.  Four seats are held by FIFA to represent their 200+ member Nations, with the other four going to each of the British associations (the FA representing England, the SFA representing Scotland, the FAW representing Wales and the IFA representing Northern Ireland). FIFA cannot change the Laws without the approval of at least two of the UK governing bodies.  In the nineteenth century, the word \"football\" could signify a wide variety of games in which players attempted to move a ball into an opponent's goal. Football is a popular form of football in the modern world. The word football was first used in football games in the early 1900s.  The first published rules of \"football\" were those of Rugby School (1845), which permitted extensive handling, quickly followed by the Eton field game (1847), which was much more restrictive of handling the ball. Rugby School allowed extensive handling of the ball, followed by Eton's field game in 1847.  Between the 1830s and 1850s, a number of sets of rules were created for use at Cambridge University. But they were generally not published at the time, and many have subsequently been lost. Many of the rules were not published and many of them have since been lost.  Sheffield F.C. published the first detailed sets of rules published by football clubs (rather than a school or university) The first detailed set of rules were those of Sheffield FC. Sheffield's rules were published in the 1930s and 1940s. Sheffield FC were the first club to publish detailed rules of football.  Football Association code (1858, published 1859) codified a game played for 20 years. Melbourne FC (1859) are the origins of Australian rules football. The code codified the game was discontinued in favour of the Football Association Code. Football Association codes were used to codify the game for the first time.  Many different sets of rules had been published before the Football Association met in late 1863. Rules included handling of the ball, offside and the treatment of offside. Many of the rules were published in the early years of the footballing revolution. The Football Association published many different rules, including the introduction of modern footballing laws.  Some football clubs followed the example of Rugby School by allowing the ball to be carried in the hands, with players allowed to \"hack\" (kick in the shins) opponents who were carrying the ball. Some clubs followed Rugby School's example by allowing players to 'hack' opponents.  Other clubs forbade both practices in order to keep the practice. Other clubs also forbade the practice of homosexuality in order of respect for women in the same way. The practice was banned from all clubs in the United States in the 1980s and '90s. The clubs were banned from both practices.  During the FA meetings to draw up the first version of the laws, there was an acrimonious division between the \"hacking\" and \"non-hacking clubs\" clubs. During the first round of the first set of the new laws, the FA drew up a new code of football.  An FA meeting of 17 November 1863 discussed this question, with the \"hacking\" clubs predominating. \"Hacking clubs\" predominate in the Football League, with clubs being \"hacked\" clubs. The FA meeting was held at the end of November 1863, when it was first held in London.  A further meeting was scheduled in order to finalise (\"settle\") the laws. The laws were set to be finalised before a further meeting is scheduled to be held later this year to settle the issue. The meeting is expected to take place at the end of the year.  At this crucial 24 November meeting, the \"hackers\" were again in a narrow majority. At the time of the meeting, they were in control of the government. The \"hacker's\" majority was again in the narrow majority of support for the government in November.  Cambridge University have published a set of football laws banning carrying and hacking. The laws were recently published by the university. The FA's secretary Ebenezer Cobb Morley brought the meeting's attention to the issue. The meeting was adjourned after a meeting of delegates from the Football Association.  Discussion of Cambridge rules and suggestions for possible communication with Cambridge on the subject, served to delay the final \"settlement\" of the laws to a further meeting, on 1 December. Discussion of the Cambridge rules is adjourned until 1 December, with a further discussion of the matter to be held.  A number of representatives who supported rugby-style football did not attend this additional meeting, resulting in hacking and carrying being banned. Blackheath F.C. accused FA President Arthur Pember, Morley, and their allies of managing 24 November meeting improperly in order to prevent \"pro-hacking\" laws from being adopted.  Pember strongly denied such an \"accusation of ungentlemanly conduct\" Pember has been accused of \"ungentlemenly conduct\". Pember denies such an accusation of \"inappropriate conduct\" in a statement released by Pember. Pember denied the accusation, saying it was an allegation of 'inappropriate' conduct.  The verdicts of later historians have been mixed. Young accuses Campbell of \"arrogance\", while Harvey supports Campbell's allegations. Harvey supports the non-hackers of a \"coup\" against the pro-hacking clubs, accusing them of a\u00a0coup\u00a0against\u00a0pro-hacker clubs.  Blackheath, along with the other \"hacking\" clubs, would leave the FA as a result of this dispute. The other clubs would also leave the Football Association as a consequence of the dispute. Blackheith would leave FA as result of the FA's decision.  The final version of the FA's laws was formally adopted and published in December 1863. The FA's first version of its laws was published by the FA in 1863. It was then formally adopted by the British Football Association in 1864. The current version of FA's law was published in March 1863.  Some notable differences from the modern game are listed below: There was no crossbar. There were no crossbars in the original version of the game. There was also a crossbar on the pitch. The modern version of this game is based on the original design of the 18th century.  Goals could be scored at any height (as today in Australian rules football) Goals were scored as high as any height. Goals were scored at all height, as today in Australia rules football. Goals could also be scored by height of any height or height. Goal was scored at a height of up to six metres.  Players were allowed to catch the ball (provided they did not run with it or throw it) Most forms of handling were forbidden, including running with the ball or running with it. Players were not allowed to run with or throw the ball, but were permitted to catch it and catch it.  A fair catch was rewarded with a free kick (a feature that today survives in various forms in Australian rules football, rugby union and American football) The feature is a feature that survived in various ways in Australian Rules football and rugby union rugby union. American football is also a feature in rugby union, American football and American Football.  There was a strict offside rule, under which any player ahead of the kicker was in an offside position. It was similar to today's modern rugby union rule in rugby union. Any player in the kicking position was not allowed to be in a position that was offside.  The only exception was when the ball was kicked from behind the goal line. The only exceptions were when it was kicked out of behind the line. It was the first time the ball had been kicked behind the end line in the game. The game was played without the ball being kicked off behind the half-line.  The throw-in was awarded to the first player (on either team) to touch the ball after it went out of play. The first player in either team touched the ball before it was thrown in was awarded a throw in by either team. The throw in was given to the players who touched the football after the ball went out play.  The ball had to be thrown in at right-angles to the touchline (as today in rugby union) The ball was thrown in as well as the ball being thrown out at right angles to touchline. Rugby union players had to throw the ball into the right-angle of the pitch.  There were no corner-kicks in the first half of the game. There was no corner kick in the second half. There were also no corner kicks in the opening stages of the match. The result was a 1-1 draw at St James' Park Park on Tuesday night.  When the ball went behind the goal-line, there was a situation somewhat similar to rugby. If an attacking player touched the ball after it went out of play, the attacking team had an opportunity to take a free kick at goal from a point fifteen yards behind the point where the ball was touched, similar to a conversion in rugby.  If a defender first touched the ball, then the defending team kicked the ball out from on or behind the goal line (equivalent to the goal-kick) If the defender touches the ball first, the ball was kicked out from behind the line. The defending team kick the ball from on the line, if a defender touches it, then it is kicked out. Teams changed ends every time a goal was scored. Teams changed ends each time they scored a goal or a goal to try and score a goal. Goalkeepers changed ends when a goal scored each time the teams scored. The game finished 1-0 at half-time with a penalty saved.  The FA published the Laws of Football in December 1863. The rules made no provision for a goal-keeper, match officials, punishments for infringements of the rules, duration of the match, half-time, number of players, or pitch-markings (other than flags to mark the boundary of the playing area)  The first game to be played under the new rules occurred eleven days later between Barnes and Richmond. The game was played in the first game under the rules played under new rules. The first match was played against Richmond in which Barnes won the game 11 days after the rule was changed.  Adoption of the laws was not universal among English football clubs. The laws were not adopted by all English clubs in the 1930s and 1940s. Adoption was not universally accepted by the clubs, with many clubs refusing to comply with the laws. Footballers were not allowed to play in the English Premier League for the first time.  Sheffield Rules continued to be used by many. The Sheffield Rules were used in the 1980s and 1990s. Sheffield Rules are still used today by many of the world's top football teams. In the 1990s and 2000s, the Sheffield Rules was used in many of England's most successful leagues.  Several clubs, such as Blackheath, decided against being part of the FA in its early years and would later form the Rugby Football Union in 1871. Several clubs decided not to be part of FA in the early years of the early period and later formed Rugby Football United.  IFAB was created by the International Football Association Board. Scotland, Wales and Ireland were the Home Nations of the United Kingdom. IFAB is the body of the Football Association which oversees football's governing body. England and Scotland are the only Home Nations to play in the FIFA World Cup. ",
  "23": " Visual arts are art forms such as painting, drawing, printmaking, sculpture, ceramics, photography, video, filmmaking, design, crafts, and architecture. The visual arts include art forms that include drawing, drawing and print, sculpture and sculpture. Art forms include art, photography and film, design and film.  Many artistic disciplines, such as performing arts, conceptual art, and textile arts, also involve aspects of the visual arts as well as arts of other types. Performing arts and conceptual art are some of the most popular forms of art, including textile arts and performing arts.  Current usage of the term \"visual arts\" includes fine art as well as applied or decorative arts and crafts. Also included within the visual arts are the applied arts, such as industrial design, graphic design, fashion design, interior design, and decorative art. This was not always the case.  Before the Arts and Crafts Movement in Britain and elsewhere at the turn of the 20th century, the term 'artist' had for some centuries often restricted to a person working in the fine arts (such as painting, sculpture, or printmaking) and not the decorative arts, crafts, or applied visual arts media.  The distinction was emphasized by artists of the Arts and Crafts Movement, who valued vernacular art forms as much as high forms. Artisans of the  Crafts movement valued the difference between high and low forms. The distinction is often emphasized by Art and Craft Artists of the 1960s.  Art schools made a distinction between the fine arts and the crafts, maintaining that a craftsperson could not be considered a practitioner of the arts. Art schools maintained that craftspers were not allowed to be part of the art profession. Craftspers are considered not part of a profession of art, but a craftsman.  The increasing tendency to privilege painting, and to a lesser degree sculpture, above other arts has been a feature of Western art as well as East Asian art. Painting and sculpture has a long history of privilegeing art above all other forms of art, such as painting and sculpture.  In Chinese painting, the most highly valued styles were those of \"scholar-painting\", at least in theory practiced by gentleman amateurs. Painting has been seen as relying to the highest degree on the imagination of the artist and being the furthest removed from manual labour.  The Western hierarchy of genres reflected similar attitudes. Westerners were more interested in genres than traditional Westerners. The genre hierarchy was similar to that of the American genres of popular music and pop culture. The genre was created in the 1930s and 1940s, with the exception of jazz and jazz.  Training in visual arts has generally been through variations of apprentice and workshop systems. Training in the visual arts is generally through variations on apprentice and workshops systems. The visual arts have been used in the past through apprenticeships and workshops. The arts has been used as a toolkit for many of the world's most famous artists.  In Europe, the Renaissance movement to increase the prestige of the artist led to the academy system for training artists. Today most of the people who are pursuing a career in the arts train in art schools at tertiary levels. Most of those who are interested in art education train in tertiary art schools.  Visual arts have now become an elective subject in most education systems. Calligraphy was among the Six Arts of gentlemen in the Chinese Zhou Dynasty, and Chinese painting were among the four arts of scholar-officials in imperial China. In Latin America, in 1875 created the National Society of the Stimulus of the Arts, founded by painters Eduardo Schiaffino, Eduardo S\u00edvori and other artists.  Their guild was rechartered as the National Academy of Fine Arts in 1905. In 1923, it became a department in the University of Buenos Aires, the Superior Art School of the Nation. In 1925, it was established as a department of art in Buenos Aires. It is now a department at the University.  Currently, the leading educational organization for the arts in the country is the UNA Universidad Nacional de las Artes. The UNA is the leading education organization for arts in Mexico. It is also known as the leading institution for arts and culture in the United States.  Drawing is a means of making an image, illustration or graphic using any of a wide variety of tools and techniques available online and offline. It is a way to make an image or graphic by using a wide range of tools available online or offline. Using any of these tools or techniques, drawing is a form of art that can be used to create an image.  It generally involves making marks on a surface by applying pressure from a tool, or moving a tool across a surface using dry media such as graphite pencils, pen and ink, inked brushes, wax color pencils and crayons, charcoals, pastels and markers.  Digital tools, including pens, stylus, that simulate the effects of these are also used. Digital tools also used to simulate effects of digital tools such as pens and stylus that simulate these are used to create the effect of these tools. The team is currently working on a new version of the game, which was released last week.  The main techniques used in drawing are: line drawing, hatching, crosshatching, random hatching and shading, scribbling, stippling, and blending. Line drawing is a key part of the main technique used to create a work of art. The main technique is line drawing and hatching.  An artist who excels at drawing is referred to as a draftsman or draughtsman. Drawings and painting go back tens of thousands of years, dating back to ancient times. Drawing and painting have been used in art for more than 30 years, including in paintings and drawings.  Art of the Upper Paleolithic includes figurative art beginning between about 40,000 to 35,000 years ago. Art began between 40,00 years ago and began between about 35,00 and 40,500 years ago. Art of art of the Paleolithic is thought to be the oldest form of art in the world.  Non-figurative cave paintings consisting of hand stencils and simple geometric shapes are even older. Hand stenciled cave paintings are also thought to be pre-dating cave paintings of cave paintings. Cave paintings are thought to have been found in caves around the world.  Paleolithic cave representations of animals are found in areas such as Lascaux, France and Altamira, Spain in Europe. Maros, Sulawesi in Asia, and Gabarnmung, Australia, are also found in caves in Europe, Asia and Australia.  In ancient Egypt, ink drawings on papyrus, often depicting people, were used as models for painting or sculpture. Inscription drawings were often used to be models for paintings or sculptures. Inscriptions were used in ancient Egypt as a model for art or sculpture in Egypt.  Drawings on Greek vases, initially geometric, later developed into the human form with black-figure pottery during the 7th century BC. With paper becoming common in Europe by the 15th century, drawing was adopted by masters such as Sandro Botticelli, Raphael, Michelangelo, and Leonardo da Vinci.  Painting taken literally is the practice of applying pigment suspended in a carrier (or medium) and a binding agent (a glue) to a surface (support) such as paper, canvas or a wall. Painting is a form of art where it is applied to a support (or a medium)  When used in artistic sense it means the use of this activity in combination with drawing, composition, or other aesthetic considerations in order to manifest the expressive and conceptual intention of the practitioner. However, when used in an artistic sense, it means it means that the activity is combined with drawing or composition to express the artist's intention.  Sites of this kind of painting range from artwork depicting mythological figures on pottery to The Sistine Chapel to the human body itself. Painting is also used to express spiritual motifs and ideas. Sites of these kind of paintings range from artworks on potter to the Sistine Chistine Chapel.  Like drawing, painting has its documented origins in caves and rock faces. Painting has its roots in caves, on rock faces, and in rock caves. Painting is a form of art that has a long history of its origins, including cave drawings and rock paintings. Painting was first discovered in caves in 18th century.  The finest examples, believed by some to be 32,000 years old, are in the Chauvet and Lascaux caves in southern France. They are believed to be the oldest examples of the type of cave dwellings in the world, dating back to around 30,000.  In shades of red, brown, yellow and black, the paintings on the walls and ceilings are of bison, cattle, horses and deer. Paintings are of animals, horses, deer, bison and bison in shades of brown, brown and black. The paintings are painted on walls, ceilings and walls of the museum.  Paintings of human figures can be found in the tombs of ancient Egypt. Paintings were found in ancient Egypt's ancient tombs. They include paintings of Egyptian men and women, and of animals, as well as Egyptian women and men,. Paintings of Egyptian women are found in tombs in Egypt's oldest tombs.  Nefertari, his queen, is depicted being led by Isis in Ramses II's great temple. Isis is also depicted in the great temple of Ramses I, the Egyptian king's wife. Isis was led by Ramses III, the most powerful Egyptian ruler of the time.  The Greeks contributed to painting but much of their work has been lost. Much of their paintings have been lost and their work is lost. The Greeks are known to have contributed to art in the past but their work remains largely lost in the modern art world. Their work is thought to have been the work of the Greeks in Greece.  One of the best remaining representations are the Hellenistic Fayum mummy portraits. Fayum mummies were found in Fayum. The mummy portraits are one of the few remaining examples of the mummy portraits of Hellenism in the area of Fayum, Egypt, and the mummy mummy artworks.  Another example is mosaic of the Battle of Issus at Pompeii, which was probably based on a Greek painting. Another example of a mosaic based on an image of the battle is a mosaic of a battle at the same time of the same place. The mosaic is thought to have been inspired by a painting by a Greek painter.  Greek and Roman art contributed to Byzantine art in the 4th century BC, which initiated a tradition in icon painting. Byzantine art was a major part of the tradition of icon painting in 4th Century BC. Byzantine icon painting was a form of icon art in Byzantine art.  The Renaissance was the next significant contribution to European art. Italy's renaissance painters were the most prolific painters in Europe's art. The Renaissance is the first significant work of art in Europe since the 1500s. It was the work of Italian painters and artists from the 16th century.  From Giotto in the 13th century to Leonardo da Vinci and Raphael at the beginning of the 16th century, this was the richest period in Italian art. The chiaroscuro techniques were used to create the illusion of 3-D space in the works.  Painters in northern Europe too were influenced by the Italian school. Painters from northern Europe also influenced by Italian school.Painters in Northern Europe too influenced by school influenced by work of Italian artists in 1930s and 1940s. Paintings of Italian school were published in Italy, Germany, France and Italy.  Jan van Eyck from Belgium, Pieter Bruegel the Elder from the Netherlands and Hans Holbein the Younger from Germany are among the most successful painters of the times. Pieter\u00a0Bruegel\u00a0the Elder and Hans\u00a0Holbein\u00a0the Younger from the\u00a0Netherlands\u00a0were among the best painters.  They used the glazing technique with oils to achieve depth and luminosity. The technique was used to achieve the depth of the colour of the image. They used an oil-glazed technique to achieve a depth of luminosity and depth of light. They also used an innovative technique to create a luminous effect of the light.  The 17th century witnessed the emergence of the great Dutch masters such as Rembrandt and Vermeer. Rembrand was especially remembered for his portraits and Bible scenes, and Vermmeer specialized in interior scenes of Dutch life. The 1717th century was the first time the Dutch masters were seen to be able to depict Dutch life scenes.  The Baroque started after the Renaissance, from the late 16th century to the late 17th century. It is considered a form of form of art that started in the 16th and 17th centuries. It was created in 17th and 18th century in France and Italy.  Main artists of the Baroque included Caravaggio, who made heavy use of tenebrism. Main artists used the term 'tenebrisms' in their artworks. Main use of the term was made in the works of the Italian painter and painter of the 16th century.  Peter Paul Rubens worked for local churches in Antwerp and painted a series for Marie de' Medici. Rubens was a Flemish painter who studied in Italy and painted for Marie in Italy. He also painted series for the Medici and worked for her sister-in-law.  Annibale Carracci took influences from the Sistine Chapel and created the genre of illusionistic ceiling painting. The ceiling painting is one of the most famous examples of illusionist ceiling paintings in the world. The painting was created by the Italian artist in 1881.  Much of the development that happened in the Baroque was because of the Protestant Reformation and the resulting Counter Reformation. The Counter-Reformation was the result of the Reformation, which led to the creation of the Counter-Rformation. Much of what happened in this period was the Counter Reformed.  Much of what defines the Baroque is dramatic lighting and overall visuals. Much of the baroque style is defined by dramatic lighting, visuals and dramatic visuals. This is the work of the Baristes, who have been married for more than 30 years, to create a Bariste.  Impressionism began in France in the 19th century with a loose association of artists including Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir and Paul C\u00e9zanne. The new freely brushed style of painting was often chosen to paint realistic scenes of modern life outside rather than in the studio.  This was achieved through a new expression of aesthetic features demonstrated by brush strokes and the impression of reality. This is achieved through the expression of artistic features demonstrated through brush strokes. The artist's art was created by using brush strokes to express the impression and reality of the world.  They achieved intense color vibration by using pure, unmixed colors and short brush strokes. The color vibration was achieved by using a pure-mixed color and short brushes. The technique was used to create intense color vibrations in the color waves of light and dark tones. The team used a pure color vibration and short strokes to achieve intense color vibrance.  The movement influenced art as a dynamic, moving through time and adjusting to newfound techniques and perception of art. The movement was created in the 1930s and 1940s and '50s. The art movement became a modern art movement in the 1960s and 1980s and 1990s. It was the first movement of modern art.  Attention to detail became less of a priority in achieving, whilst exploring a biased view of landscapes and nature to the artist's eye. Attention to detail was less of an issue in achieving the work, while exploring a bias view of nature and nature. The artist's work is published in the UK and Australia at the end of 2014.  Several young painters took impressionism a stage further, using geometric forms and unnatural color to depict emotions. Post-impressionism is considered a form of art by modern painters and artists in the U.S. Post-Impressionism began in the late 19th century.  Paul Gauguin was strongly influenced by Asian, African and Japanese art. Vincent van Gogh was influenced by the strong sunlight of the south. Toulouse-Lautrec is remembered for his vivid paintings of night life in the Paris district of Montmartre.  Edvard Munch, a Norwegian artist, developed his symbolistic approach at the end of the 19th century. He was inspired by the French impressionist Manet, inspired by Manet. Munch's work was first published in 17th Century, 18th Century.  The Scream (1893) is widely interpreted as representing the universal anxiety of modern man. His most famous work, The Scream, is widely considered to represent modern man's anxiety. The Scream is considered to be the work of the artist's most famous novel. It was first published in 1893.  Partly as a result of Munch's influence, the German expressionist movement originated in Germany at the beginning of the 20th century. Artists such as Ernst Kirschner and Erich Heckel began to distort reality for an emotional effect. Munch influenced the movement.  In parallel, the style known as cubism developed in France as artists focused on the volume and space of sharp structures within a composition. The style of cubism is similar to that of modern cubism, which focuses on sharp structures and volume of objects in composition. In the 1930s, cubism became a popular form of art in France.  Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque were the leading proponents of the movement. The movement was inspired by Picasso, Braque and other artists, including Braque, to create works of art. The first movement of art was created in 18th century in France. ",
  "24": " A social network is a social structure made up of a set of social actors (such as individuals or organizations), sets of dyadic ties, and other social interactions between actors. A network is made of a network of actors, such as individuals and organizations, with other social ties between them.  Social network perspective provides a set of methods for analyzing the structure of whole social entities as well as a variety of theories explaining the patterns observed in these structures. The social network perspective is based on the social network structure of a social network. It provides a number of theories to explain the patterns of social structures.  Social network analysis uses social network analysis to identify local and global patterns, locate influential entities, and examine network dynamics. The study of these structures uses social networks to identify patterns and identify influential entities in the social network. The social network structure is the result of a social network network analysis.  Social networks is an inherently interdisciplinary academic field which emerged from social psychology, sociology, statistics, and graph theory. Social networks and the analysis of them is a form of social psychology and sociology. The analysis of social networks is a result of social psychologists, sociological theories and graph theories.  Georg Simmel authored early structural theories in sociology emphasizing the dynamics of triads and \"web of group affiliations\" Simmel. Simmel was a sociologist who studied triads in the United States. He was also a prominent sociologist in the 1930s and '60s.  Jacob Moreno is credited with developing the first sociograms in the 1930s to study interpersonal relationships. Moreno developed the sociogram to study relationships between people. Moreno was a pioneer in the field of social psychology. Moreno's work was published in the early 1930s in New York, New York.  Theory and methods of social networks became pervasive in the social and behavioral sciences by the 1980s. These approaches were mathematically formalized in the 1950s and became pervasive by the mid-1980s. Social networks are a key part of the social, behavioral sciences, according to social psychologists.  Social network analysis is now one of the major paradigms in contemporary sociology. It is also employed in a number of other social and formal sciences. Social networks are now a major part of the social sciences, such as sociology, sociology and sociology. The social network analysis of social networks is now considered a major research topic in sociology.  Complex networks form part of the nascent field of network science. Together with other complex networks, it forms part of a network science field. The study is published in the Journal of Science, published by Springer at the University of Cambridge, MA, in 2009. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 909090 or visit a local Samaritans branch, see www.samaritans.org.  The social network is a theoretical construct useful in the social sciences to study relationships between individuals, groups, organizations, or even entire societies. Social units (social units) are social units, see differentiation. The social networks are useful in studying relationships between people, groups and organizations.  The term is used to describe a social structure determined by such interactions. The social structure is defined by interactions between people and people. The structure is often used in social structures such as social structures. The term was used to refer to the social structure of a social group of people.  The ties through which any given social unit connects represent the convergence of the various social contacts of that unit. The ties of any social unit connect represent the converging of the social contacts that that unit connects. The social ties of a social unit are the social ties that the unit connects through its social contacts.  This theoretical approach is necessarily, necessarily, relational. This is not just a theoretical approach, it's a relational approach. This approach is to consider the relationship between the two sides of the fence. It's not only theoretical, but it's also relational, and it's not just theoretical and relational.  An axiom of the social network approach to understanding social interaction is that social phenomena should be primarily conceived and investigated through the properties of relations between and within units. This is the theory of social networks, rather than social relations between units, as well as their properties. The social network is an approach to the study of social relations in a social network.  Social network theory says that individual agency is often ignored by social network theory. This may not be the case in practice (see agent-based modeling) Social networks may be more complex than social networks theory. Social networks theory is based on social networking theory, however, in the theory of social networks, rather than social networking.  Network analytics are useful to a broad range of research enterprises. Many different types of relations, singular or in combination, form these network configurations. Network analytics can be useful to many research enterprises, such as research organizations, say experts. The network analytics are a useful tool for many of the world's largest research organizations.  Social science fields include anthropology, biology, communication studies, economics, geography, information science, organizational studies, social psychology, sociology, and sociolinguistics. Social psychology and sociology are also included in social science fields such as sociology, sociology and anthropology. Social science is a major part of the social science field.  In the late 1890s, both \u00c9mile Durkheim and Ferdinand T\u00f6nnies foreshadowed the idea of social networks in their theories and research of social groups. The idea was first conceived in the late 1900s. The social networks were a precursor to modern social networks.  T\u00f6nnies argued that social groups can exist as personal and direct social ties that either link individuals who share values and belief (Gemeinschaft) or impersonal, formal, and instrumental social links (Gesellschaft, German, commonly translated as \"society\")  Durkheim gave a non-individualistic explanation of social facts. He argued that social phenomena arise when interacting individuals constitute a reality that can no longer be accounted for in terms of the properties of individual actors. The result of interacting individuals is that the reality of social phenomena no longer exists.  Georg Simmel examined the likelihood of interaction in loosely knit networks rather than groups. Simmel, writing at the turn of the twentieth century, pointed to the nature of networks and the effect of network size on interaction. The likelihood of interacting in loosely-knit networks was examined by Simmel in the early 1900s.  Major developments in the field can be seen in the 1930s by several groups in psychology, anthropology, and mathematics working independently. Psychologists, anthropologists and mathematicians worked independently in 1930s and 1930s to develop the field. The field is now a major focus in psychology and anthropology.  In the 1930s, Jacob L. Moreno began systematic recording and analysis of social interaction in small groups, especially classrooms and work groups. Moreno recorded and analyzed social interaction of small groups in classrooms. Moreno was a pioneer of social psychology in 1930s and'sociometry' in the United States.  Social network theory is the foundation for social network theory. It was the theoretical and ethnographic work of Bronislaw Malinowski, Alfred Radcliffe-Brown, and Claude L\u00e9vi-Strauss. Social network theories are based on the work of Malinows, Radcliffe Brown, and L\u00e9ve-strauss.  Social anthropologists associated with Max Gluckman and the Manchester School often are credited with performing some of the first fieldwork from which network analyses were performed. John A. Barnes, J. Clyde Mitchell and Elizabeth Bott Spillius were credited with investigating community networks in southern Africa, India and the United Kingdom.  British anthropologist S. F. Nadel codified a theory of social structure that was influential in later network analysis. Nadel also codified an anthropologist's theory of the social structure of social structures. The social structure theory was also influential in network analysis of networks.  Talcott Parsons set the stage for taking a relational approach to understanding social structure. Parsons' work in the early 1930s was published in the 1930s. Parsons was a pioneer in sociology and social science. Parsons's work in sociology was published at the University of New York in 1926.  By the 1970s, a growing number of scholars worked to combine the different tracks and traditions. The work of sociologist Peter Blau provides a strong impetus for analyzing the relational ties of social units with his work on social exchange theory. Later, drawing upon Parsons' theory, the work of social exchange theorists was also influential.  One group consisted of sociologist Harrison White and his students at the Harvard University Department of Social Relations. Another group was a group of students at Harvard University. One group was Harrison White, a sociologist at Harvard, who was a student at the University of Harvard. The group was formed by Harrison White's students.  Stanley Milgram developed the \"six degrees of separation\" thesis. Charles Tilly focused on networks in political and community sociology and social movements, and Stanley Tilly, who focused on social movements. Charles Milgram, who developed the'six degree of separation' thesis, was also active in the department.  Social network analysis experienced work by sociologists, political scientists, and physicists in the late 1990s. Mark Granovetter and Barry Wellman are among the former students of White who elaborated and championed the analysis of social networks. The social network analysis of face-to-face networks began in the 1990s and 2000s.  Social networks are self-organizing, emergent, and complex, such that a globally coherent pattern appears from the local interaction of the elements that make up the system. In general, social networks tend to be more complex and self-organized than other social networks do.  These patterns become more apparent as network size increases. Network size increases as network network size grows. These patterns are more apparent when network size is larger than the average size of a network. Network sizes are more likely to grow as network sizes grow larger than a network size increase.  However, a global network analysis of, for example, all interpersonal relationships in the world is not feasible. It is likely to contain so much information as to be uninformative that it could not be used as an analysis of relationships. However, it is unlikely to contain any useful information about interpersonal relationships.  Practical limitations of computing power, ethics and participant recruitment and payment also limit the scope of a social network analysis. Social network analysis can be limited to a maximum of 10,000 participants. The social network network analysis is based on a network of people sharing their data on social networks.  The nuances of a local system may be lost in a large network analysis, hence the quality of information may be more important than its scale for understanding network properties. The quality of the information is more important for the analysis of a network analysis than the scale of a large analysis.  Social networks are analyzed at the scale relevant to the researcher's theoretical question. Thus, social networks can be analyzed on the scale of the question. Social networks can also be used to answer theoretical questions such as whether social networks are connected to a given theory. The theory of social networks is a form of social networking that can be used in the study.  Levels of analysis are not necessarily mutually exclusive. There are three general levels into which networks may fall: micro-level, meso-level and macro-level. Each network has three levels of analysis to fall into which levels may fall. The micro-scale level is micro; meso level is meso; macro level is macro level.  Social network research typically begins with an individual, snowballing as social relationships are traced, or may begin with a small group of individuals in a particular social context. At the micro-level, social network research often begins with individual relationships and snowballers as social relations are traced.  A dyad is a social relationship between two individuals. A dyadic level is a level of social relationship. The level of relationship is the same as the level of a dyad. The dyad can be described as a group of people who are in a dyadic relationship.  Network research on dyads may concentrate on structure of the relationship (e.g. relationships) Network research may focus on the structure of a relationship. Network research also focuses on the relationship of a network of dyads in order to find a common common commonality between dyads. multiplexity, strength, social equality, and tendencies toward reciprocity/mutuality. Multiplexity and social equality are common themes in this article. The author of this article has published a series of articles on the topic of social equality in the U.S. for the first time since 2004.  Triadic level: Add one individual to a dyad, and you have a triad. Add one person to a pair of dyads, you have the highest level of triad in the world. Triad is a group of two people who have a common bond.  Research at this level may concentrate on factors such as balance and transitivity, as well as social equality. Social equality and tendencies toward reciprocity/mutuality may also be considered factors. Research may also concentrate on social equality, reciprocity and reciprocity of reciprocity.  In Fritz Heider's balance theory, the triad is the key to social dynamics. The balance theory is based on the balance theory of Fritz Heid's theory of balance theory. Heider: Triads are key to the dynamics of social relations in the world.  The discord in a rivalrous love triangle is an example of an unbalanced triad. It is likely to change to a balanced triad by a change in one of the relations. The discord is a sign of a unbalanced love triangle in a love triangle. An unbalanced relationship is a good example of a balanced relationship.  The dynamics of social friendships in society has been modeled by balancing triads. Triads have been involved in the dynamics of friendship in society. The dynamics in society have been modeled in the past by balancing groups. The social dynamics of friendships are modeled by triads, according to social hierarchies.  The study was carried forward with the theory of signed graphs. The study is carried forward in the theory that signed graphs are a sign graph. The theory is used in the study of the signed graphs in the world of graph theory. It is carried out with the theories of signed graph theory by signing graphs.  Actor level: The smallest unit of analysis in a social network is an individual in their social setting, i.e., an \"actor\" or \"ego\" Actor level is the smallest unit in analysis in social network, and the smallest \"actor level\" is the individual in the social setting.  Egonetwork analysis focuses on network characteristics, such as size, relationship strength, density, centrality, prestige and roles such as isolates, liaisons, and bridges. Analysis focuses on relationship strength and relationship strength of the network. Analysis also focuses on relationships and roles in the network such as isolation and liaisons.  Such analyses are most commonly used in the fields of psychology or social psychology, ethnographic kinship analysis or other genealogical studies of relationships between individuals. Such analyses have been used in social psychology and ethnographic studies of kinship relationships. The analyses are often used in psychology, social psychology or ethnographic social psychology.  Subset levels of network research problems begin at the micro-level, but may cross over into the meso-level of analysis. Subset level: Subset-level analysis begins at micro level, but can cross over to meso level of analysis, such as meso analysis.  Subset level research may focus on distance and reachability, cliques, cohesive subgroups, or other group actions or behavior. Research may also focus on group behavior, distance, reachability and cliques. Subset research may also look at group behavior and behavior of groups.  In general, meso-level theories begin with a population size that falls between the micro- and macro-levels. The population size is between micro and macro levels. Meso theories start with the population size of the population, not micro-levels, as well as macro-level levels.  meso-level may also refer to analyses that reveal connections between micro- and macro-level levels. Analysis is specifically designed to reveal links between micro and macro levels. However, meso levels may also be used in analyses of micro-level data to reveal connections in micro-levels.  Meso-level networks are low density and may exhibit causal processes distinct from interpersonal micro-level networking. Meso levels may be low density, with a low density of low-density networks. These networks may be linked to each other, such as the social networks of individuals with low density.  Formal organizations are social groups that distribute tasks for a collective goal. Organizations: Formal groups are social social groups with a shared goal. Organizations: Social groups distribute tasks in order to achieve a common goal. Organizations: A social group is a social group with a goal shared by its members.  Network research on organizations may focus on intra-organizational or inter-organizations ties in terms of formal or informal relationships. Network research focuses on relationships between organizations and relationships within the organization. Research may also focus on the relationships of individuals within the organizations of an organization.  Intra-organizational networks often contain multiple levels of analysis, especially in larger organizations with multiple branches, franchises or semi-autonomous departments. The analysis is often more complex than one level of analysis in an organization's network of multiple branches or franchises. For example, the analysis can be done in a larger organization, such as a franchise, franchise, branch or department.  Research is often conducted at a work group level and organization level, focusing on the interplay between the two structures. In these cases, research is conducted at work group levels and organization levels. In some cases, the research is often carried out at work groups level or organization level.  Experiments with networked groups online have documented ways to optimize group-level coordination through diverse interventions, such as the addition of autonomous agents to the group. The results have been published on CNN iReport.com, iReport CNN Tech.com/Heroes.com. ",
  "25": " Filmmaking or film production is the process by which a motion picture is produced. The process of making a film is called \"filmmaking\" or \"filming\" The process involves the creation of a film or film that is produced by a film director or director. Filmmakers are often involved in the production process of films.  Filmmaking involves a number of complex and discrete stages, beginning with an initial story, idea, or commission. Filming involves a series of complex stages, starting with the initial story or idea. Filmmakers are often involved in the creation of a film or film that takes place in various stages.  Production then continues through screenwriting, casting, pre-production, shooting, sound recording and post-production. The finished product may result in a film release and exhibition, which may be released and exhibition. The film is then screened before an audience before a film is released.  The director typically shoots the script out of sequence, repeats shots as needed, and puts them together through editing later. The process is nonlinear, as the director typically uses the script to create the best shots of the film. The film is based on the script, shot in sequence, and edited later.  Filmmaking occurs in a variety of economic, social, and political contexts around the world. Filmmakers use technologies and cinematic techniques to make theatrical films, episodic films for television and streaming platforms, music videos, and promotional and educations films. Films are made for television, streaming platforms and music videos.  Although filmmaking originally involved the use of film, most film productions are now digital. Most film productions have been made using digital technology. The film industry has been known to use digital technology for more than a decade, but digital technology is essential to film production. The world's most successful film industry is now dominated by digital technology, with digital technology replacing film.  Today, filmmaking refers to the process of crafting an audio-visual story commercially for distribution or broadcast. The process involves crafting a story for distribution and broadcast. Filmmakers are often involved in the creation of a film or television series. The term is used to refer to the production process of a television series or a documentary.  Film production consists of five major stages: Development, Ideas for the film are created, rights to existing intellectual properties are purchased, etc., and the screenplay is written. Screenplay is written, ideas are created and rights are purchased to produce the film. Film production takes place in five stages: development, development, screenplay, screenplay and screenplay.  Financing for the project is sought and obtained. Financing is sought. The project will be completed in the fall of 2018. The city is seeking to raise funds to fund the project. It is the first phase of a multi-million dollar project to be built in the city.  Pre-production is pre-production, such as hiring cast and film crew, selecting locations, and constructing sets. Pre-preparations are made for the shoot, including hiring cast, casting and filming locations. The film is set to be shot in New York City and Los Angeles.  The raw footage and other elements of the film are recorded during the film shoot, including principal photography. Production is recorded in order to ensure that the raw footage is accurate and accurate. Principal photography is filmed during the filming of the movie. The film is set to be released on Blu-Ray in September 2015.  Post-production: The images, sound, and visual effects of the recorded film are edited and combined into a finished product. Post-delivery: The final product is a finished film with a finished image and sound. The film was shot in New York City, New York, New Jersey.  The completed film is distributed, marketed, and screened in cinemas or released to home video to be viewed. The film is then released to the public to view in a cinema or on home video. The finished film will be released on DVD and Blu-Ray in the UK.  The development stage contains both general and specific components. The development phase is the development stage of the development process. The stage is the first stage of a development process, followed by the second stage of development. The first stage includes the development phase of development and the second phase of the project.  Each film studio has a yearly retreat where their top creative executives meet and interact on a variety of areas and topics they wish to explore through collaborations with producers and screenwriters, and then ultimately, directors, actors, and actresses. The retreat is a yearly meeting of creative executives and producers.  They choose trending topics from the media and real life, as well as many other sources, to determine their yearly agenda. This year's agenda includes topics from social media, real life and real-life. They use trending topics to determine what topics they want to talk about.  For example, in a year when action is popular, they may wish to explore that topic in one or more movies. In a year of action, the filmmakers may want to explore the topic in a new way of exploring it in the new year. The films will be released on Blu-Ray, Blu-ray and DVD.  Sometimes, they purchase the rights to articles, bestselling novels, plays, remaking of older films, stories with some basis in real life through a person or event, a video game, fairy tale, comic book, graphic novel. Sometimes they buy the rights of articles, books, films, video games, comic books.  Research through surveys may inform decisions made by people in the workplace. Surveyors may also inform their decisions by using surveys to inform them about their decisions. Survey data could help shape the course of a person's life. Survey results can be used to inform people about their choices, say experts.  They may have had blockbusters from their previous year and wish to explore a sequel. They may also want to explore the sequel to their previous blockbusters. But they may not be interested in exploring a sequel to this year's blockbusters. They may be looking for a sequel. They are looking to explore new worlds.  They will additionally acquire a completed and independently financed and produced film. The film will be released in September 2015 at 8.30pm on Blu-Ray and 8.45pm on December 31. The company will also acquire a complete and independent financed version of the film, which was shot in 2009.  Such notable examples are Little Miss Sunshine and The English Patient as well as Roma. Roma is a British film based on Roma, starring in Roma and The Hills of the Moon. Roma was released in 2003 and is set to be released later this year. Roma, Roma, is a popular British film series starring James Bond and starring in the UK.  Studios hold general meetings with producers and screenwriters about original story ideas. Studios also hold regular meetings to discuss ideas for new stories. The meetings are often followed by a meeting with producers, screenwriters and producers of new movies and TV shows. A new series of films will be released later this year.  \"In my decade working as a writer, I knew of only a few that were sold and fewer that made it to the screen,\" says writer Wayne Powers. \"Fewer than a few of these films have ever been made into a movie,\" Powers says of the film.  Alan Watt, writer-director and Founder of The LA Writer's Lab confirmed that completed original screenplays, referred to as \"specs\", make big news when they sell, but these make up a very small portion of movies that are ultimately given the green light to be produced by a studio.  Executives return from retreat with fairly well-established instructions. The executives return from the retreat with well-known instructions. They return with a new set of tasks to do with the CEO's role in the company's future. The retreat is scheduled to take place in the next two weeks.  They spread these concepts through the industry community, especially to producers they have deals with. Traditional studios will have those producers in offices on their lots. They spread the concepts to other producers, especially those with deals with their deals with, to promote the concept. They also spread the concept to the rest of the industry.  Also, agents for screenwriters are made aware of the issue. Agents for screenwriting are also being made aware. Screenwriters are required to make sure they are aware of their roles in the film industry. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.  This results in a pairing of producers with writers, where they develop a \"take\", a basic story idea that utilizes the concept given by studio executives. The \"take\" is a basic idea that is developed by producers and writers to create a story idea. This is the first time producers have been paired with writers.  Often it is a competition with several pairings meeting with studio executives and \"pitching\" their \"take\" Many pairings meet with studio execs and pitch their pitches to studio executives. The show is often a competition between the pairings and the studio executives pitching their pitches.  Few writing jobs are from original ideas brought to studios by producers or writers. Very few writing jobs come from original idea ideas brought in by producers, writers or producers. Few original ideas bring in original ideas from studios, writers are allowed to write for TV shows. The series is currently being shown on \"The Game of Thrones\"  Perhaps one movie a year will be a \"spec\" script that was purchased. Maybe one movie per year will have a script that's purchased that's been purchased. Perhaps one film a year has a script purchased that will be sold. Perhaps that's one of many movies a year, one of them will be \"spec-script\"  Once the producer and writer have sold their approach to the desired subject matter, they begin to work on the project. The producers and writers are then able to get to grips with the subject matter and work on their own work. The show is set to air on PBS stations across the U.S.  Many writers and producers usually pass before a particular concept is realized in a way that is awarded a green light to production. However, many writers and\u00a0producers\u00a0pass before a certain concept is\u00a0officially\u00a0approved\u00a0to\u00a0produce\u00a0a green light.  Unforgiven earned Oscars for its Director/Star Clint Eastwood, as well as its screenwriter, David Webb Peoples. The film required fifteen years to make. Unforgotten earned Oscars. The movie is Clint's first film ever to win an Academy Award for best director/Star.  The Italian Job took approximately eight years from concept to screen, Powers said, \"is average\" Powers said it took eight years to make the film, which is \"average\" He said it was eight years between concept and screen, which took about eight years. Powers added that the Italian Job was \"average,\" and that it took \"about eight years\"  Most concepts turned into paid screenplays wind up gathering dust on some executive's shelf, never to see production. And most concepts are turned away from screenplays, and never to be turned into films. Most concepts are never turned into movies, but they are often turned away by executives. Writers have different styles and creative processes. Some writers have stronger track records than others. Some have strong track records for writing and some writers have a stronger track record. Writers have different creative processes and styles of writing, including writing styles and writing styles. Writers should be able to use their creativity to create their own own stories.  Because of this, how much detail a writer returns to the studio to divulge before writing can vary greatly. The development process proceeds from there and how much details a writer has to reveal before writing begins. The process of developing a TV series can be difficult to understand, especially for the writers.  Screenwriters are often protected by the union, the Writers Guild of America, or WGA. Screenwriters often have a contract with the WGA, which protects them from harassment. The WGA is a union that protects screenwriters from harassment and sexual violence against each other.  WGA allows screenwriters to contract for One Draft, One Revision, and One Polish. Screenwriters can contract for one draft, one revision, and one Polish. The WGA also allows writers to contract with One Draft and One Revision for One Polish screenwriters. WGA contracts screenwriters for one Draft, one Revision, one Polish and one draft screenwriter.  Bob Eisle, Writer and Member of the Writer Guild Board, states, \"Additional writing requires an extension of contracts and payment for additional work\" Bob is a member of the Guild Board of Writers. Bob says, \" Additional writing requires extended contracts and payments for additional writing\"  They are paid 80% of their fee after the First Draft. The club are paid an 80% share of their fees after the draft. They are also paid an additional 80% after the Draft. They will be paid an extra 80% if they are selected in the draft for the tournament.  Preliminary discussions are minimal with studio executives but might be quite detailed with the producer. Preliminary discussions have been minimal but could be more detailed with producer. The series is set to debut in October on ABC's \"American Horror Horror Horror Story\" at 8.30 p.m. ET.  Next, a screenwriter writes a screenplay over a period of several months, or however long it takes. Screenplay is written over several months or longer, depending on the length of the time it takes to write a screenplay. Screenplays are written by screenwriters over a number of months or more.  Deadlines are in their contracts but there is no pressure to adhere to them. There are no pressure on the players to comply with their contracts. Deadlines in their contract are in place but are not expected to be in breach of the law. There is also no pressure for players to abide by the rules.  Again, every writer's process and speed vary. Every writer's speed and amount of writing time vary. The process and process of writing is different, so do you know what you want to do? Send it to CNN iReport.com/Heroes for more information.  The screenwriter may rewrite the script several times to improve dramatization, clarity, structure, characters, dialogue, and overall style. Screenwriters may rewrite it several times in order to improve the overall style of the film. The script is often rewritten several times before the film is released.  Script Coverage is a freelance job held by recent university graduates. It does not feed scripts into the system that are ready for production nor already produced. Scripts are not fed in to the system unless they are ready to be produced or already produced. Script coverage is not a full-time job, but a freelance freelance job.  \"Coverage\" is a way for young screenwriters to be read and their ideas might make their way up to an executive or famous producer and result in \"meet and greets\" where relations with up-and-comers can be formed. The idea is to encourage young writers to write for the first time.  But it has not historically yielded ideas studios pursue into production. It has not traditionally yielded ideas that would be turned into films. Instead, it has been a success story for the first time in Hollywood's history of producing films. The film is set to go on to become a reality TV series.  The studio is the film distributor who at an early stage attempts to choose a slate of concepts that are likely to have market appeal and find potential financial success. The studio tries to choose films that will appeal to the market and find financial success, such as the film that will be released in the UK.  Hollywood distributors consider factors such as the film genre, the target audience and assumed audience, the historical success of similar films, the actors who might appear in the film, and the potential directors. Distributors also consider the success of a film that is similar to a similar film.  All these factors imply a certain appeal of the film to a possible audience. The film was released in cinemas in October 2013. It was released on October 31, 2013. The movie was directed by Robert De Niro and directed by Gene Seymour, who also stars in the film.  The studio mainly targets the opening weekend and the second weekend to make most domestic profits. Not all films make a profit from the theatrical release alone, however, the studio makes most of its profits from the first weekend and second weekend. The studio also targets the first and second weekends of the film to make the most profits.  A \"word of mouth film\" does not market strongly but its success spreads by word of mouth. A film called a \"Word of Mouth film\" is a film that does not sell strongly but spreads by its success. The film's success is often followed by a film's popularity in the United States and abroad.  It slowly gains an audience as it slowly gains its audience. It is slowly gaining an audience. It is the first of its kind in the U.S. television series to feature on American soil. It has been a success story for the first time since it was released in 2009.  These films may remain in theaters for 5 months while a typical film run is closer to 5 weekends. These are special circumstances and these films may stay in theaters longer than a typical run of five weekends. The films may be held for up to 5 months in theaters, while the average run lasts five weeks.  Further earnings result from pay television purchases, foreign market purchases and DVD sales to establish worldwide distribution of a film. Gross of a Film is based on the film's gross gross gross of gross gross, grossed gross of $1.2 billion. Gross gross gross is $1 billion.  Once a screenplay is \"green-lit\", directors and actors are attached and the film proceeds into the pre-production stage. Sometimes development and pre-pre-production stages will overlap, although sometimes development and production stages often overlap. The film is set to be released in cinemas in spring 2015.  Projects which fail to obtain a green light may have protracted difficulties in making the transition to pre-production and enter a phase referred to as developmental hell for extended period of time or until developmental turnaround. Projects that fail to get green light can enter a period referred to 'development hell'  Analogous to almost any business venture, financing of a film project deals with the study of filmmaking as the management and procurement of investments. Financing is similar to the management of a business venture or investment in a film film project. Anonymously similar to almost all business ventures, financing is a key part of the film's financing process.  It includes the dynamics of assets that are required to fund the filmmaking and liabilities incurred during the filmmaking over the time period from early development through the management of profits and losses after distribution under conditions of different degrees of uncertainty and risk. It includes assets required to be used to fund filmmaking, liabilities incurred\u00a0during\u00a0the filmmaking.  Practical aspects of filmmaking finance can also be defined as the science of the money management of all phases involved in filmmaking. The practical aspects of film finance can be defined by the practical aspect of filmmaking. All phases of filmmaking are considered to be the most important aspect of the filmmaking process.  Film finance aims to price assets based on their risk level and their expected rate of return based upon anticipated profits and protection against losses. Film finance is based on the risk and return of assets based upon their risk levels and expected returns. Film financing is a form of finance for film companies in film and television projects.  In pre-production, every step of actually creating the film is carefully designed and planned. Pre-production is the most important step of making a film, and every step is carefully planned. The film is based on the work of a team of friends and family members who have been together for years.  This is the phase where one would narrow down all the options of the production. This phase is the first phase of a production process. The next phase is to narrow down the options for the production of the product. The final phase of production is to decide whether or not to make the product available for sale.  It is where all the planning takes place before the camera rolls and sets the overall vision of the project. The planning process is the most important part of a project's success. It is also where the planning begins and is where the filming is planned for the camera to begin.  The production company was created and a production office established. The production office was set up to create a production company. Production company is created and the production office is established. Production office is set up for the production company and production company has been created. The company is based in New York City, New York.  The film is pre-visualized by the director and may be storyboarded with the help of illustrators and concept artists. The film may also be storyboards by illustrators, concept artists and storyboarders. The films are pre-visited by the directors and storyboards are storyboards with the assistance of the director.  A production budget is drawn up to plan expenditures for the film. The film is set to be released in October 2013. The movie is based on a novel about the life of a young woman in New York City, New York, New Jersey, and the city of New York.  For major productions, insurance is procured to protect against accidents. Insurance is a form of insurance for major productions to be carried out in the event of an accident. Insurance can be procured in order to prevent accidents in major productions. For more information, visit www.insurance.com.  Pre-production also includes working out the shoot location and casting process. Pre-pre-production is also pre-production for the film, which is set to be released in 2015. The film is set in New York City, New Jersey, and is set for release on July 26, 2015.  The Producer hires a Line Manager or a Production Manager to create the schedule and budget for the film. The Producer is responsible for the budget and schedule of the films. The Line Manager is a line manager or Production Manager. The line manager is a production manager or production manager.  The nature of the film, and the budget, determine the size and type of crew used during filmmaking. The nature and the amount of crew involved in a film is determined by the size of the crew. The budget and size of a film's crew determines the type of film's size and number of crew.  Many Hollywood blockbusters employ a cast and crew of hundreds, while a low-budget, independent film may be made by a \"skeleton crew\" of eight or nine (or fewer) Many independent films are made by crews of eight to nine. Independent films are often made by crew members of just a few hundred people.  Storyboard artist: creates visual images to help the director and production designer communicate their ideas to the production team. Storyboard artists: create visual images for the director, production designer to help communicate ideas to each other. Storyboards artist: helps the director communicate ideas with the team of directors and designers.  Director: is primaril. Director: \"It's been a long way to go. It's a long road to the end of the road\" Director: 'It's a great way to get people to understand the world's most important issues' Director: \u2018I'm not going to go crazy, I'm going crazy,\u2019 says director. ",
  "26": " Cars 3 is a 2017 American animated sports comedy-adventure film. It is produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures. The film is a sports comedy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It was released by Pixar and Disney's Walt Disney Studios in March 2013.  The sequel to Cars 2 (2011) and the third installment of the Cars film series, the film was directed by Brian Fee (in his directorial debut) and produced by Kevin Reher, from a screenplay written by Kiel Murray, Bob Peterson, and Mike Rich.  John Lasseter, who directed the first two Cars films, served as executive producer. The first Cars film was released in 2009. The Cars sequel is a sequel to the first Cars movie, which was released last year. The new Cars film will be released in December 2015.  The returning voices of Owen Wilson, Larry the Cable Guy, Bonnie Hunt, Tony Shalhoub, Guido Quaroni, Cheech Marin, Jenifer Lewis, Paul Dooley, Lloyd Sherr, Michael Wallis, Katherine Helmond and John Ratzenberger are joined by Cristela Alonzo, Chris Cooper, Armie Hammer, Nathan Fillion, Kerry Washington, and Lea DeLaria.  Lightning McQueen (now a veteran racecar) must prove that he is still competitive against a new generation of technologically advanced racers, with the help of young technician Cruz Ramirez (Alonzo) to prevent a forced retirement from the Piston Cup. In the film, McQueen must prove he can still compete against a younger generation of technology-advanced racers.  Development of a third Cars film began in late 2011 after the release of its predecessor, and entered production in 2014. Lasseter stated that it would be a \"very emotional story\", and go back to the first film's themes. The film is due to be released in December 2015.  The production team for the film conducted research on multiple NASCAR racers, particularly older ones, as well as a sports psychoanalyst. The film focuses on McQueen's relationship with Doc Hudson and its meaning. McQueen stars in the film as McQueen and Doc Hudson.  The production utilized a new rendering system, Rix Integration Subsystem (RIS), which was previously used in Finding Dory (2016) The production was made using the same rendering system previously used for the film. The film was shot on location in New York, New York and Los Angeles.  New cast members including Hammer and Alonzo were announced in January 2017. Fillion, Washington and DeLaria were announced two months later. New cast cast members include Hammer, Washington, DeLaria, Fillion and Fillion. The series is set to run in the summer of 2018.  Randy Newman composed the film's score with artists such as Andra Day, James Bay, Brad Paisley and Jorge Blanco contributing tracks for the film. Randy Newman had worked on the first film, which was released in 2009. The film is the sequel to the original film.  Cars 3 was first screened for the NASCAR industry in Kannapolis, North Carolina on May 23, 2017, before its theatrical release in the U.S. on June 16. The film was accompanied by the animated short film Lou, which was released alongside the film.  The film grossed $383 million worldwide against its $175 million budget. It was the lowest-grossing film of the franchise, but still a box office success. It grossed\u00a0$383 million\u00a0against\u00a0a budget of $175\u00a0million. It became the lowest grossed film in the franchise.  It received generally positive reviews from critics, with praise for its animation, story, and emotional depth. Many of them deemed it an improvement over its predecessor, with many deeming it a better than its predecessor. It was released in October 2013, and was released on July 26, 2013.  Lightning McQueen is now a seven-time Piston Cup champion. Jackson Storm is part of a new generation of racecars who use the latest technology to improve their performance. Lightning has won seven Piston Cups and one World Grand Prix in four of the past seven seasons.  As Storm's success progresses throughout the season and attracts other rookies, most of the veterans either retire or are dismissed by their sponsors. Most of the veteran players are dismissed or dismissed by sponsors. Storm are currently playing in their first season of the Australian Super League season. Storm have won their first two games of the season.  Lightning starts falling behind Storm after both of them pitted in Los Angeles. Lightning starts to fall behind Storm in the final race of the season. Storm wins the season's final race at Los Angeles, beating Lightning 2-1 at the end of the race. Lightning will miss out on the title if they win the race at the Los Angeles Grand Prix.  He stalls his engine and suffers a violent crash, leaving him badly damaged. Storm goes on to win the Piston Cup, while Storm wins the championship. He ends his worst season on record prematurely, ending his worst year on record with a crash in 2011. Storm wins his first race of the season, winning the championship in 2012. He also suffers a serious injury to his engine, but Storm wins.  Lightning decides that he will continue racing and calls his sponsors, Rusty and Dusty Rust-eze, who reveal they have sold Rust-Eze to a businesscar named Sterling. Lightning has since recovered from his crash and decides to continue racing. Lightning is sold to Sterling by Rusty and Rusteze.  Sterling assigns Lightning to train under Cruz Ramirez, where he struggles to adapt to modern training methods. Sterling assigned Lightning to work under Ramirez, who has struggled to adapt. The Lightning boss has been in charge of the Premier League since 2008. Sterling has been criticised for his lack of adaptability to the modern training system.  Lightning accidentally damages a simulator, Sterling tries to force him to retire. Sterling is trying to force Lightning to retire after he damages the simulator. Lightning accidentally damaged a simulator and tries to get him to stop playing in the game. Lightning tries to retire from the game after the simulator damages his simulator.  Lightning instead offers that if he wins the upcoming Florida 500, he can decide if he wants to keep racing. Otherwise, he will retire immediately. Lightning instead says he can still race, but that he will still be racing in the future. Lightning: \"If he wins, he'll retire immediately\" Sterling reluctantly accepts the deal. Sterling reluctantly accepts it. Sterling accepts it, but it is not the first time he has been offered a chance to stay in the country. Sterling is the only African-American to be allowed to leave the U.S. State of the Congo.  Cruz's unconventional training methods and lack of racing experience frustrate Lightning as they race in Fireball Beach and the figure-8-style demolition derby Thunder Hollow. Lightning are determined to win the championship for the first time in a year. Cruz and Lightning will be competing in the final race of the season on Sunday. Lightning rages at her and accidentally breaks her trophy. She accidentally breaks the trophy in a lightning-filled storm. She was hit by lightning in the middle of the storm. It was the first time she had ever been hit by a lightning storm in her life.  Cruz reveals she had always wanted to be a racer but never started a race. She resigns as Lightning's trainer and heads back to the training center. Cruz reveals that she has always been interested in racing but never had a race in her career. She is upset that she is no longer a trainer and ends up quitting.  Lightning tracks down Doc Hudson's mentor Smokey in his hometown of Thomasville, Georgia. Lightning catches up to Cruz and convinces her to rejoin him. Mater suggests that Lightning track down Smokey's mentor, Doc Hudson, so Lightning goes to his hometown to track him down.  In Thomasville, they meet up with Smokey, who reveals that even though Doc never raced again, he found new happiness in training Lightning. Smokey reveals that he found happiness training Lightning in training him to be a better driver. The team returns to Thomasville to find Smokey.  Lightning accepts that he will never be as fast as Storm, Smokey and Doc's old friends, Louise \"Barnstormer\" Nash, River Scott, and Junior \"Midnight\" Moon, help him learn new tricks to overcome his speed disadvantage, using Cruz as his sparring partner.  However, during the final practice race, Cruz suddenly overtakes him, and he suffers a flashback to his crash, shaking his confidence. However, he suffers from a flashback and is shaken up by Cruz's overtaking. He suffers a crash at the end of the race, which shakes his confidence in his performance.  At the Florida 500, Lightning starts at the back but, with assistance from Smokey in the pits, manages to gradually push up the ranks. At the start of the season, the Lightning starts in the back of the grid, but eventually makes it to the top of the standings.  Cruz is sent back to the training center to prepare a rookie for the following race despite her wanting to stay and watch the race. Sterling still believes Lightning cannot win, and orders Cruz back to training center. Cruz is the first woman to win a race in the Australian Grand Prix since 2008.  Lightning avoids a massive multi-car pile-up and has his crew outfit her to take his place in the race, giving her a second chance to become a racecar. Cruz's dream of racing is remembered by Lightning after hearing Cruz's radio message on his radio.  Cruz is able to push up the ranks, thanks to Lightning coaching her from the pits. Cruz eventually ends up right behind Storm. Cruz is coached by Lightning from the pit pit and eventually becomes one of the best fighters in the sport. Storm is a strong contender for the title in the women's division.  Storm tries to intimidate Cruz, even attempting to ram her against the wall in the final lap. Storm attempted to ram Cruz against a wall in final lap, even ramming her against it. Storm was the first woman to win a Grand Prix to win the Grand Prix in 2008.  Using one of Doc's old moves, Cruz flips over Storm, overtakes him and wins the race. Cruz flipped over Storm and won the race by flipping over him. Cruz: \"It's like a victory for Doc, it's not a race for him. It's a win for Doc\"  As Cruz celebrates her victory, Sterling offers her a role on his team, but she instead takes a counteroffer from Dinoco's owner Tex Dinoco. Cruz accepts the offer, but turns it down and accepts it. Dinoco is owned by the owner of the Dinoco team.  Lightning and Cruz were both wearing #95, both have won the race, meaning that Lightning gets to decide if he is done racing. Lightning can decide whether he wants to continue racing after Cruz wins the race. Lightning will decide if Cruz wins if he wins the next race after Lightning wins.  Returning to Radiator Springs, Lightning reveals that Tex has bought Rust-eze from Sterling. Lightning reveals Tex has purchased Rust-Eze and has bought it from Sterling. Lightning reveals the deal with the company. Lightning returns to the show to reveal that Tex is now in possession of Rusteze.  Lightning decides to continue racing but trains Cruz first for the rest of the season. Lightning is now decked in Doc's old racing colors. Lightning will continue to train Cruz first in the next season. Cruz will be the only one to be trained in Lightning's old colors.  Owen Wilson stars as Lightning McQueen, a legendary Piston Cup veteran and Sally Carrera's boyfriend. Owen Wilson is the voice of the Piston cup champion. He also stars in the film as a member of the team at the center of the race. The film is set to be released in October 2015.  Actress Cristela Alonzo plays Cruz Ramirez, Lightning McQueen's trainer. She played Cruz Ramirez in the film. The film is based on the real life of the popular racing queen. The movie is set in New York City, California, on May 1, 2015.  Chris Cooper as Smokey, Doc Hudson's former mechanic and crew chief who helps out Lightning and Cruz. Chris Cooper plays Smokey in the new series, which is based on the characters' relationship with Doc Hudson. The series is set to be released on July 26, 2015.  Nathan Fillion plays Sterling Sterling, the new Rust-eze team owner. Fillion stars as Sterling, a rich businesscar and the new team owner. Fillion also stars as a rich businessman and the owner of the Rust-Eze team car. The series is set to be released in October.  Larry the Cable Guy as Mater, a jolly tow truck and Lightning McQueen's best friend. The Cable Guy plays Mater in the animated film. Larry is the star of the animated series, which is based on the film's success in the U.S.  Armie Hammer as Jackson Storm, McQueen's new racing rival.Armie Hammer plays Jackson Storm in the new film. Hammer stars in the film as Jackson McQueen, a rival to McQueen. Hammer also stars as McQueen\u2019s new rival, Jackson Storm.  Tom and Ray Magliozzi play Rusty and Dusty Rust-eze, respectively, in the TV series. The show stars as Rusty, Dusty and Rusty, as the owners of Rust-Eze. The series is set in New York City, New York, New Jersey.  Following Tom's death in 2014, unused archive recordings from the first film were used for Rusty's lines. Unused archive recordings were used to replace Tom's lines in Rusty's role as Rusty's character in the film. Tom died in 2014 at the age of 84.  Tony Shalhoub as Luigi, Luigi, a Fiat 500. Tony Shalboub's role as Luigi is a classic Italian classic. The film is set in New York City, New York, USA, at the end of the year on December 25, 2013. The movie is based on the life of Luigi's character, Luigi.  Guido Quaroni as Guido, a forklift who is Luigi's partner. Guido as Luigi's forklift. Luigi as Luigi and Guido are Luigi's partners in the film. Guardo as Luigi, Luigi and Luigi are Luigi and a couple of women in a relationship.  Bonnie Hunt as Sally Carrera, a Porsche 996, and Lightning McQueen's girlfriend. Bonnie Hunt was the star of the film, starring in the film \"Sally Carrera\" She also starred in the movie, which was based on the movie's soundtrack to \"Lion King James\"  Lea DeLaria plays Miss Fritter at the Thunder Hollow demolition derby. The school bus was a monster school bus at Thunder Hollow. DeLaria and DeLaria are co-stars in the demolition derby, which took place in Thunder Hollow, North Carolina, on Saturday.  Kerry Washington stars as Natalie Certain, a statistical analyst. She plays Natalie Certain in the upcoming series of American Horror Horror Horror. The series is set in New York City, New York, USA, at 8.30pm on June 4. The film is based on a series of books by Emmy Award-winning director Stephen King and screenwriter David Gergen.  Costas as Bob Cutlass, a race commentator. Costas played Cutlass in the classic sports car. Bob Costas was the star of NBC Sports Network's \"Bob Cutlass\" Costas' role in the first half of the race coverage of the 1964-96 season.  Margo Martindale as Louise \"Barnstormer\" Nash, a white 1950 Nash Ambassador and a retired Piston Cup racer from the 1950s. She was one of the three legends to live in Thomasville with Smokey. She was also one of Smokey's neighbors.  Isiah Whitlock Jr. as River Scott, a grey and black 1938 Dirt Track Racer and retired Piston Cup racer who is one of Smokey's friends. Smokey is a friend of Isiah and Smokey, who is also a friend with Isiah.  Bob Peterson as Chick Hicks, a former rival of Lightning who now hosts his own talk show called \"Chick's Picks\" on Racing Sports Network. Bob Peterson played Chick Hicks in the 1980s and '90s. He also played Lightning Lightning in the 1990s.  He was originally voiced by Michael Keaton in the first film. He is now voiced by the voice of the character in the original version of the film. The original version was voiced by Keaton and was originally released in 2009. It is now available on DVD and Blu-Ray in the UK.  Bob Peterson also voices Dr. Damage, a white and orange modified ambulance who partakes in the Crazy 8 demolition derby. Peterson voices a modified ambulance that takes part in the \"Crazy 8\" demolition derby. He also voices a doctor in the race for the first time in the series.  John Ratzenberger starred as Mack in the 1985 Mack Super-Liner. The series was based on a series of films starring Ratzenberg. The film was released in 1985 and was released later that year. It was the first time Mack was featured in the series of movies released by Mack.  Lewis Hamilton as Hamilton, Cruz' personal voice command assistant, is Cruz' voice assistant. Hamilton is Hamilton's personal voice assistant for Cruz. Cruz is Cruz's daughter, who is in the middle of a relationship with Hamilton. Hamilton will appear in the film \"Hamilton\" on Sunday at 8pm ET.  Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso voiced the foreign language versions of Hamilton. Vettel voiced 'Vettel' and 'Sebastian' in Italian and German adaptations. Alonso voiced 'Fernando' in the Spanish adaptation of the English adaptation of Hamilton's book.  Lloyd Sherr as Fillmore, a Volkswagen Type 2 microbus, was a Volkswagen microbus. Sherr was the driver of the microbus in the 1930s and '60s. He was the first person to drive a microbus to Europe in the 1950s and 1960s.  Junior \"Midnight\" Moon is a retired Piston Cup racer who is one of Smokey's friends. Junior Johnson is a black 1940 Ford Standard Coupe and a retired racer. Smokey and Smokey are Smokey, a friend of Junior Johnson's who is Smokey.  Cheech Marin as Ramone, a 1959 Chevrolet Impala coup\u00e9 Lowrider that owns the \"Ramone's House of Body Art\" store. Ramone is a 1959 Chevy Impala cou\u00e9 coup\u00e9 that owns a Body Art store. Ramone owns a 1959 Impala.  Katherine Helmond plays Lizzie, a 1923 Ford Model T Coupe who is the elderly owner of a roadside souvenir and accessory shop (Radiator Springs Curios). Helmond stars in the film as an elderly proprietor of a souvenir shop in Radiator Springs.  This was Helmond's final appearance in the Cars franchise before her death in 2019. This was her final appearance before she died in January 2019. Helmond will be remembered for her final role in the franchise before she dies in February 2019 at the age of 50. The Cars Cars franchise is set to be released on Blu-Ray and DVD in September 2015.  Paul Dooley as Sarge, a 1941 Willys Jeep. Dooley played Sarge in Sarge's Jeep. Sarge was a member of the Sarge Army in the Willys Army. Dooley was a World War II veteran of the Army. Sarge is a veteran of Sarge.  Jenifer Lewis as Flo, the owner of \"Flo's V-8 Caf\u00e9\" and Ramone's wife, Ramone Ramone.Jenifer Lewis also played Ramone in the role of Flo's wife. Ramone was the lead singer of the late 1960s and early '90s.  Madeleine McGraw stars as Maddy McGear, a young car who is Lightning McQueen's biggest fan. She plays Maddy in the film, which is based on the story of a young fan of the film. McGraw and McGraw star in the role of Maddy McQueen.  Michael Wallis as Sheriff, a 1949 Mercury Eight Police Cruiser police car. Police car was a police car made of a Mercury Eight police cruiser. Police were driven by a police officer named Sheriff Wallis in the 1950s. Wallis played a detective in the series of episodes of \"Sherlock\"  Jerome Ranft as Red is a 1960s closed-cab Whitney Seagrave fire engine. The engine was driven by a fireman named Red. The vehicle is a classic fire engine from the 1960s. The fireman was a member of the Fire Department of New York.  He was originally voiced by Joe Ranft in the first film. He is now voiced by the same actor who voiced him in the original version of the film. The first film was released in 2009, and the second film in 2010, with a sequel to the film being released in 2012.  Angel Oquendo stars as Bobby Swift, a Piston Cup racer and one of Lightning's friends. Angel plays Bobby Swift in the film. Lightning is one of the most popular races in the world and is based in Los Angeles. The film is based on the book \"Lightning\" and is set to be released in September 2015.  Diedrich Bader as Brick Yardley, a Piston Cup racer and one of Lightning's friends. Bader was a friend of Lightning Lightning and played a member of the Lightning team. He also starred in the film, which was based on the book series \"Lightning\"  Andra Day as Sweet Tea, a forklift and Louise Nash's former pitty who is now a singer at the Cotter Pin bar. Several drivers and other racing-related personalities from NASCAR made cameo appearances, including several drivers and racing personalities from the NASCAR series. ",
  "27": " Grover's algorithm, also known as the quantum search algorithm, is a quantum algorithm for unstructured search that finds with high probability the unique input to a black box function that produces a particular output value, using just the input of the function. In quantum computing, Grover\u2019s algorithm finds with probability the input to the function produces a certain output value.  It was devised by Lov Grover in 1996. The analogous problem in classical computation cannot be solved in fewer than fewer than 50% of the domain. One has to check half the domain to get a 50% chance of finding the right input. The problem is equivalent to the problem of classical computation.  Charles H. Bennett, Ethan Bernstein, Gilles Brassard, and Umesh Vazirani proved that Grover's algorithm is asymptotically optimal. Any quantum solution to the problem needs to evaluate the function of the function  grotesquely-procedued function    (glyglyglyphobic) times, so Grover\u2019s algorithm is optimal.  Grover's algorithm provides at most a quadratic speedup over the classical solution for unstructured search. This suggests that it will not provide polynomial-time solutions for NP-complete problems. The square root of an exponential function is an exponential, not polynomorphic, function.  Grover's algorithm can be applied to speed up broad classes of algorithms. However, even quadratic speedup is considerable when using the algorithm. The algorithm is large and Grover can speed up some of the most complex algorithms in the world. Grover algorithm can also speed up other algorithms, such as complex algorithms.  Grover's algorithm could brute-force a 128-bit symmetric cryptographic key in roughly 264 iterations. A 256-bit key could be brute-forced in roughly 2128 iterations. The algorithm could be used to brute force a key in about 2128\u00a0iterations.  Grover's algorithm may not pose a significantly increased risk to encryption over existing classical algorithms, however. It may not be the case that Grover\u2019s algorithm poses a significantly greater risk to encrypting data. Grover may not have an increased risk over existing encryption algorithms.  Grover's algorithm, along with variants like amplitude amplification, can be used to speed up a broad range of algorithms. The algorithm can also be used in a range of other algorithms, such as amplitude amplification and amplitude amplification. It can be applied to a variety of algorithms, including the algorithm's amplitude amplification algorithm.  Grover's algorithm is used to speed up algorithms for NP-complete problems. In particular, algorithms for such problems contain exhaustive search as a subroutine. Grover algorithm can be sped up by using Grover to solve NP problems faster than any other algorithm. The algorithm uses exhaustive search to solve problems such as NP NP problems, such as search problems.  The current best algorithm for 3SAT is one such example. The algorithm is based on the current best algorithms for 3sAT. The current algorithm is the current version of the algorithm that uses 3sat to test students' knowledge of the SAT SATs. It is also known as the algorithm for SATSATs.  Generic constraint satisfaction problems also see quadratic speedups with Grover. Grover can be used to solve Grover's problem with constraint satisfaction satisfaction problems such as Grover\u2019s ability to find a solution to the problem of constraint satisfaction with a given constraint satisfaction problem.  These algorithms do not require that the input be given in the form of an oracle, since Grover's algorithm is being applied with an explicit function, e.g. The input is not being given in an explicit form of the algorithm. These algorithms are not required to require an explicit oracle to be given.  The function checking that a set of bits satisfies a 3SAT instance is called. The function is a function that checks that the bits satisfy a 3AT instance. The functions are used to check that a certain type of bits satisfy 3AT instances. The 3AT function is used to test 3ATs' ability to identify bits in 3AT sets.  Grover's algorithm can also give provable speedups for black-box problems in quantum query complexity, including element distinctness and the collision problem (solved with the Brassard\u2013H\u00f8yer\u2013Tapp algorithm) Grover algorithm can speed up speedups in quantum queries.  In these types of problems, one treats the oracle function f as a database, and the goal is to use the quantum query to this function as few times as possible. The goal of using quantum queries is to try to avoid using the function as little as possible possible.  Grover's algorithm essentially solves the task of function inversion. It solves the problem of function-inversion. Grover is a cryptographer who specializes in cryptography. He says Grover solved the problem with Grover algorithm's algorithm in a new way. Grovers algorithm solves the puzzle of the algorithm's problem.  Grover's algorithm allows us to calculate a function  that can be evaluated on a quantum computer. Grover\u2019s algorithm lets us calculate the function   when given a function that can't be evaluated. The algorithm can be used to evaluate a function such as a function on the quantum computer, or a function of a function.  Grover's algorithm gives broad asymptotic speed-ups to many kinds of brute-force attacks on symmetric-key cryptography, including collision attacks and pre-image attacks. It also gives broad speed-up to attacks on collision attacks, pre-images attacks and collision attacks.  The parallel rho algorithm is able to find a collision in SHA2 more efficiently than Grover's algorithm. However, this may not necessarily be the most efficient algorithm since, for example, it may not be the best algorithm to find collision in a SHA2 collision more efficiently.  Grover's original paper described the algorithm as a database search algorithm. This description is still common. The algorithm was originally intended to be a database-search algorithm. It was originally described as an algorithm for database search algorithms. Grover has a number of limitations on his algorithm.  The database in this analogy is a table of all of the function's outputs, indexed by the corresponding input. The database is a database of all the functions' output and output data. It is an analogy to the database database of a function's output and input data.  However, this database is not represented explicitly. However, it is not explicitly stated that this database does not represent the majority of the database. The database is based on a database that was created in the 1990s. It was created for the first time, but is now being used in the United States.  An oracle is invoked to evaluate an item by its index. Instead of an oracle, the oracle was invoked by a oracle to evaluate the item by an index. The oracle's index is then used to evaluate items by their index of an item.  Reading a full database item by item may take a lot longer than Grover's search. Reading the full database will take a long time, but Grover can find it easy to search for items in the database. Grover will be able to search the database for items by item, then convert them into a representation.  Grover's algorithm can be viewed as solving an equation or satisfying a constraint. To account for such effects, Grover can be seen as solving a constraint or satisfying an equation. The algorithm can also be used to solve an equation, or satisfy a constraint, by solving a given problem.  In such applications, the oracle is a way to check the constraint and is not related to the search algorithm. The oracle can be used to check out the constraints of a search algorithm, such as the constraint of a given constraint. In some cases, it is used as a way of checking the constraints and not necessarily related to search algorithms.  This separation usually prevents algorithmic optimization. Conventional search algorithms often rely on such optimization and avoid exhaustive search. This separation often prevents optimization and avoids exhaustive search. This separation prevents optimization of exhaustive search algorithms, such as Google's exhaustive search algorithm, which often avoids exhaustive searches.  The quadratic speedup achieved is too modest to overcome the large overhead of near-term quantum computers. Fast Grover's oracle implementation is possible for many constraint satisfaction and optimization problems. The major barrier to instantiating a speedup is that it is too small to overcome.  Later generations of fault-tolerant quantum computers may be able to realize these speedups for practical instances of data. However, later generations of quantum computers with better hardware performance may not realize this speedup. Quantum computers could also be used to solve problems of quantum computing problems.  Grover's algorithm is a function that generates a function called a function. The function is the function function that produces a function of input input. The algorithm's function function is function function function. Grover algorithm uses function function functions to generate function functions. Problem description: Problem description. Problem description.  In the \"unstructured database\" analogy, the domain represent indices to a database, and f(x) = 1 if and only if the data that x points to satisfies the search criterion. In this case, f is defined as a function of the domain.  We additionally assume that only one index satisfies f(x) = 1, and we call this index \u03c9. This index is called f(f(x), and it is assumed to be a positive index. We call it \u03c9, and this index is a negative index of positive index of negative index.  Our goal is to identify \u03c9. We are trying to find the answer to \u03c9, \u03c9. We hope to find a solution to the mystery of \u03c9 and \u03c9 in the future. We will then try and find a new way to identify the answer.  We can access f with a subroutine (sometimes called an oracle) in the form of a unitary operator U\u03c9 that acts as follows: U.O. U. O.O is a U.U.O. O. is an operator that acts like a U-O. operator. The operator acts as a user-only operator. We use the operator to access the operator\u2019s code.  The definition of the term \"categorically\" is defined as \"cercerceric\" and \"cericaric\" The definition is based on a number of words used to define the meaning of the word \"ciracaricary,\" \"crisicary\" or \"cercicary\", \"ceramicary\". The definition means \"caricary\"; \"ceracyary\" is \"crivolous\"; \"cristicary;\" \"crosaic\" is a form of form of identity.  This uses the   \u00a0-dimensional state space. The state space is defined as a register with a register supplied by a register. The register is used to supply the register with the state of state space. The register has a log number of qubits. The log number is used in the state space of the state.  This is often written as    The Proniglioan, or the Pronigoan, is often used as a form of form. It is written as \"Pronigioan,\" or \"Pornioan\" or \"Portugioan\", or \"porporicioan\". It is also written \"poriciopioan\"; \"pronigiroan\"  U.O.C.R: U.C: X: x: F(x) = (1) f (x) f(x), x: (x: x) x: x : x: y: x=f(x, y: y=x, x: f(y) y: Y: x. y=y: y. x: Y=y=y. Y=x: y-y-y=x. Y-y. y-x: Y-x=y-x. Y-Y-y: X=Y-x. X=y. X: X.Y-Y: X is  Grover's algorithm outputs \u03c9 with probability at least 1/2 using \u03c9. The algorithm uses \u03c9 to output probability of a probability of 1-2. Grover uses the algorithm's algorithm to solve the problem of \u03c9 probability with probability of at least 2/2.  Grover's algorithm can be made arbitrarily large by running the algorithm multiple times. The probability of a large probability is made by running Grover the algorithm repeatedly. This probability can be increased to an arbitrarily large number of times. Grover algorithm runs Grover algorithms multiple times to make the probability large.  Grover's algorithm until \u03c9 is found, the expected number of applications is still expected. The algorithm will only be run twice on average, since it will only run twice as long as \u03c9 can be run. Grover has a formula for the algorithm to find \u03c9, and the algorithm is based on the fact that \u03c9 has been found.  This section compares the above oracle with an alternative oracle definition of an oracle. The definition of the oracle is based on an alternative definition. The oracle has been defined as an \"an oracle\" and an \"oracle\" The definition is defined as a \"provocative oracle\"; the definition is an \"objective oracle;\" the definition of this definition is a \"projective\" ",
  "28": " The history of women's cricket can be traced back to a report in The Reading Mercury on 26 July 1745 and a match that took place between the villages of Bramley and Hambledon near Guildford in Surrey. The Mercury reported: \"The greatest cricket match that was played in this part of England was on Friday, the 26th of last month\"  Bramley maids had blue ribbons and the Hambledon maids red ribbons on their heads. The Bramley Maids were given blue and the\u00a0Hambledon\u00a0maids\u00a0were given red\u00a0ribbons. Bramley's maids were from Bramley, Bramley and Hambledan.  Bramley girls got 119 notches and Hambledon girls 127 notches. Bramley got 119 and the girls got 127. The Bramley Girls got 119. Notches were Bramley's 119 and Hambledon's 127. Girls from Bramley, Haddington, and Bramley were 119 and 127.  There was of bothe sexes the greatest number that ever was seen on such an occasion. The greatest number ever seen was of the sexes. There was also a great number of people in the audience at such a meeting of the two sexes. It was the first time such a large crowd had been seen at such an event in England.  The girls bowled, batted, ran and caught as well as most men could do in that game, says coach. \"The girls bow and batted, batted and ran and catches,\" he says of the girls' bowling and batting skills. \"Most men could have done most of that game,\" he said of the game.  Early years in England were not necessarily genteel affairs. Early matches were played in the early years of England's cricketing history. Early years were also early matches in England's early cricketing years. Early cricket matches were not always genteal affairs. Early years of cricketing life were played during the early 1900s.  Charlton vs. Westdean and Chilgrove match spilled over into the following day after it was interrupted by crowd trouble. The match was held at the Artillery Ground between Charlton and another team from Sussex in 1747. Crowd trouble forced the match to be extended into the next day.  Women's matches were played between villages in Sussex, Hampshire and Surrey. Women's games were played on many occasions between Sussex and Surrey villages in the 1930s and 1940s. The matches were often played in the villages of Hampshire and Sussex villages of Surrey and Sussex. The first recorded matches were held in the early 1900s.  Other matches, often held in front of large crowds with heavy betting on the side, pitted single women against their married counterparts. The matches were often held at large crowds, with heavy bets being placed on the sides of the sides. Single women were often pitted against married women in the matches.  Prizes ranged from barrels of ale to pairs of lace gloves. Prizes included barrels of beer, pairs of gloves and barrels of lager ale. The prize includes a pair of lacy gloves and a barrel of ale for the winnings of the auctioneer's winnings.  The first county match was held in 1811 between Surrey and Hampshire at Ball's Pond in Middlesex. Surrey won the match at the first time in the 1811 season. Hampshire won the first match in the county in the mid-1800s. Surrey beat Hampshire in the first county cricket match in a series of matches.  Two noblemen underwrote the game with 1,000 guineas, and its participants ranged in age from 14 to 60. The game was bowled underarm, and deliveries were bowled in the underarm bowled. The players were aged between 14 and 60 years old and played underarm cricket.  Legend has it that the roundarm bowling action was pioneered in the early 19th century by Christiana Willes, sister of John Willes. The action was used to avoid becoming ensnared in her skirts. Christiana's sister was the first person to use a roundarm bowler to avoid being caught in a woman's skirts.  In fact, roundarm was devised by Tom Walker in the 1790s. Tom Walker devised the roundarm in the 18th century. Roundarm was invented in the same time as the invention of the first roundarm, Tom Walker, in 1780s. The roundarm is a roundarm made of a circle of circles.  The first women's cricket club was formed in 1887 at Nun Appleton in Yorkshire and named the White Heather Club. The club was named White Heather after the club was established in the 1880s. It was later known as The White Heather Cricket Club in Yorkshire. It is the first club to hold a women's test cricket team.  In 1890, a team known as the Original English Lady Cricketers toured England, playing in exhibition matches to large crowds. The team toured England in 1890, playing exhibition matches in front of large crowds of spectators. The original English Lady cricketers were known as 'The Original English Ladies' in the 1880s.  The team was highly successful until its manager absconded with the profits, forcing the ladies to disband. The ladies were forced to disband after the team's manager stole the profits. The team disbanded after the manager took over the profits of the team, forcing its disbanding.  James Lillywhite's Cricketers' Annual for 1890 has a photograph of the team and short article on women's cricket. The team was selected for the first time in the summer of that year. Lillywhite published a short article about the team in the Cricketer's Annual.  As an exercise, cricket is probably not so severe as lawn tennis, and it is certainly not so dangerous as hunting or skating. If, therefore, the outcome of the present movement is to induce ladies more generally to play cricket, we shall consider that a good result has been attained.\"  The Women's Cricket Association was founded in 1926. It was the first cricket association to run in England and Wales. Women's cricket Association was formed in 1926. Women's Test Cricket Association is based in England, Australia, Canada, Canada and Australia. Women\u2019s Cricket Association has a history of cricketing success.  The England team first played against The Rest at Leicester in 1933 and undertook the first international tour to Australia in 1934\u201335. The first Women's Test match was played between England and Australia in December 1934. The Rest were the first women's Test team to play in Australia.  After winning two tests and drawing one, the U.S. team wins two more tests. After drawing one and winning two, the team wins the other two tests. The team wins three of the three tests and draws one. After winning one and drawing two tests, the US team wins one and draws two.  England travelled on to New Zealand where Betty Snowball scored 189 in the first Test in Christchurch. England won the series 1-0 in New Zealand with a wicket of 189. Snowball's 189 was the highest score for England in the series. England's first Test match was held in Wellington, New Zealand, with a score of 189.  Lily Poulett-Harris was the founding mother of women's cricket in Australia. She captained the Oyster Cove team in the league she created in 1894. Lily was the young Tasmanian, who captained her team. Lily's team was the first women's team to play in Australia's cricket league.  Lily's obituary states that her team was almost certainly the first to be formed in the colonies [1] [2] Her team was probably the first of its kind in colonies. Lily died in 1897, a few years after her death in 1897. Her team is thought to have been the first in colonies to form in the UK.  Victoria Women's Cricket Association was founded in 1905 and the Australian Women's cricket Association in 1931. Following this, the Victoria and Australia Women's teams were founded in 1903 and 1931 respectively. Victoria's women's cricket team won the first Australian Cricket League in 1931 and Australia's first Australian Test Cricket Association in 1936.  The current competition is run by the Women's National Cricket League. Women's national cricket league is currently run by Cricket Australia. The competition is currently being run by Australia's Cricket Australia and New Zealand's Women's Cricket League, which is based in Australia, Canada and Australia.  The International Women's Cricket Council was formed in 1958 to coordinate women's cricket. Women's cricket is now being played regularly in Australia, England, New Zealand, South Africa, the West Indies, Denmark and the Netherlands. The spread to other countries also spread to the Netherlands and Australia.  Test cricket has now been played by Australia, England, India, Ireland, Netherlands, New Zealand, Pakistan, South Africa, Sri Lanka and the West Indies. Test cricket is now played by the likes of India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka. The West Indies have also played Test cricket for the first time in their history. 131 women's Test matches have been played to date, the majority featuring England or Australia. The majority of the matches were played in either country. England and Australia have won the most of the women's Tests in the history of women's cricket. England won the first Test match in England's first Test series.  Originally these were three-day matches, but since 1985 most have been played over four days. Most of the matches were played over three days. Since 1985 most of these matches have been held over four-day periods, but most are now played over a four day period. The World Series was originally played in England and Wales.  England have played 87 Test matches since their first Test match in 1934. They have won 19, losing 11 and drawing 57, winning 19 and drawing 11. England have won 57 of their 87 matches since the first Test in England's first Test series in 1934, drawing 57 and losing 19.  Australia have played 67 matches in the same period, winning 18, losing nine, drawing nine and drawing 40. Australia have won 18 of their 67 matches, losing 9 of them and drawing nine of them. Australia are currently ranked No. 1 in Australia's first Test series of the summer.  The highest total is Australia's 569 for six declared against England Women in 1998. The highest individual score is 242 recorded by Kiran Baluch for Pakistan Women against West Indies Women at the National Stadium, Karachi in 2003/04. Pakistan Women Women Women won the match by a margin of 242 runs.  Five other women have scored double centuries. Five more women have achieved double centuries in the past. The other five women have also scored double-century centuries. Women's teams have scored more than 100 runs at the top of the batting order. The women's batting average has been at the World Series level for more than a decade.  Neetu David of India took eight wickets in an innings against England in 1995/56 and seven wickets have fallen to the same bowler on ten occasions. Seven wickets fall to the bowler ten times in the same innings against the same England bowler.  Shaiza Khan's 13 for 226 was the best for Pakistan Women against West Indies Women in 2003/04. The best match figures were recorded by Pakistan Women in Karachi, Pakistan, West Indies women in 2003-04. Khan took 13 wickets for 226 in his first innings in Karachi.  Janet Brittin, Charlotte Edwards and Rachel Heyhoe-Flint head the all-time run scoring lists. Brittin with 1935 runs at 49.61, Edwards, 1621 at. 49.09 and Flint with 1594 at 45.54. Six other women have scored more than 1,000 Test runs.  Mary Duggan of England took 77 Test wickets at 13.49 while Australia's Betty Wilson took 68 at 11.8.8. Betty Wilson of Australia took 68 wickets for Australia in the first Test. Duggan took 77 wickets in England's first Test series.  Seven other women have 50 or more victims to their name. [3] Archived 16 October 2011 at the Wayback Machine at the wayback machine. Seven other female victims have more than 50 victims, seven of whom have 50 victims. Seven women have more victims, one of whom has more than 100 victims.  Betty Wilson was the first player, male or female, to record a century and ten wickets in a Test match, against England at the MCG in 1958. Wilson was also the first female player to take a Test wicket in Australia's first Test match against England.  Australia were bowled out for 38 but gained a first innings lead of three in reply. England were dismissed for 35 in reply, with Wilson taking seven for seven. Wilson took seven wickets for seven in a remarkable match for Australia. Australia bowled for 38 in their first innings innings, with England for 35 not out.  35.35 remains the lowest total ever recorded in a women's Test. That figure is the lowest ever recorded by women's cricket team in a Test. The total is now the highest ever recorded for a Test match in the world. The highest total ever reached in a Women's Test was recorded by a Test team.  Australia set England 206 to win but the visitors held on for a draw. Australia scored a century thanks to Wilson's century. England were bowled out for 206 but Australia could not win the match. Australia won the match by a wicket-scoring margin of 206 runs.  In 1985, Australia's Under-21 National Women's Cricket Championship was renamed the Betty Wilson Shield in her honour. In 1985 the Shield was renamed in honour of the Australian women's cricketer. The Australian Under 21 Women's cricket Championship was also renamed in 1985.  Jan Molyneaux made a record 298 for Olympic v Northcote in Melbourne's A grade final in 1967. The right-hander made 298 for the club in the final of the A grade A grade in Melbourne. Olympic won the title in 1967 with a win of 298 in their final match.  Molyneaux also made 252 not out on a separate occasion in a 477-run partnership with Dawn Rae, again for Olympic, in a similar 477 run partnership with Rae. The pair also shared a run partnership of 477 not out in a separate innings for Olympic.  Club and county cricket in England has undergone constant evolution. Women's cricket in the modern era has evolved to become one of the world's most successful cricket teams. The game has been dominated by women's teams in the past. Women have been the most successful county teams in England since 1983.  There is currently a National Knock-Out Cup and a league structure culminating in a Northern and Southern Premier league. There is also a national Knock-out Cup and league structure in the North and South Premier League. There are currently a national and Southern leagues in England and Wales.  The major county competition is the LV Women's County Championship. Super Fours, featuring teams named after precious stones, bridges the gap for the elite players between domestic and international competition. The major competition for women's county cricket is the Women's Championship, while the men's version of the competition is based on the English Premier League.  In April 1970, MCC's traditional Easter coaching classes at Lord's were attended by Sian Davies and Sally Slowe of Cheltenham Ladies' College. The pair broke the 'gender barrier' in April 1970 at the age of 16 in the MCC team.  The first Women's Cricket World Cup was held in England in 1973. It was won by the hosts at Lords in front of Princess Anne. The tournament was funded in part by businessman Jack Hayward and was held at Lords. The first women's cricket World Cup took place in England at Lords, Lords, and was won at Lords by England.  Enid Bakewell and Lynne Thomas scored unbeaten hundreds against an International XI in Brighton in a stand of 246, a record which stood for a quarter of a century [4]. Bakewell, Thomas and Bakewell were making their international debuts for England, scoring unbeaten hundreds.  Lord's staged its first women's Test match in 1979, between England and Australia. Lord's hosted England's first ever Test match between the two teams. The match was held at Lord's in 1979 at the centre of Lord's cricket ground in London. England beat Australia in the first Test of the series in 1979.  One-Day International cricket has been played by Australia, Denmark, England, India, Ireland, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand. India, India and Netherlands have also played one-day international cricket. Australia and Denmark have played one day international cricket in one of the world's most famous countries.  Pakistan, Scotland, South Africa, Sri Lanka and the West Indies have played in World Cups. Jamaica, Trinidad and Tobago and International XIs have also played in the World Cup. South Africa and Sri Lanka have also had World Cup XIs in the past. Pakistan and Scotland have had World Cups in the 1990s and 2000s. 707 ODIs have been played up to the end of the 2009 World Cup. The number of ODIs has been played in the past seven years. A total of 70 ODIs were played in this period. India won the World Cup in 2009, with a total of 9 ODIs.  The 455 for 5 smashed by New Zealand Women against Pakistan Women at Hagley Oval, Christchurch in 1996/97 remains the highest team score. The Netherlands Women were bowled out for just 22 against West Indies Women at Sportpark Het Schootsveld in Deventer in 2008.  The Women's Cricket Association handed over the running of women's cricket in England to the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) in 1998. The ECB took over the role of running the women's teams in England from the WCA in 1997. Women's cricket is now a one of the world's most successful cricket associations.  ICC Women's Cricket Council was integrated under the umbrella of the International Cricket Council. Women's cricket was officially integrated into the ICC in 2005 after the eighth Women's World Cup. ICC was formed to consider all matters relating to women's cricket in 2005. ICC is the only body that has ever been integrated into ICC.  The 2009 World Cup was the first held under the auspices of the ICC. England were the first English team of either sex to win an ICC competition. England won the tournament, the first of its kind in the history of the tournament. The tournament was held in England's first cricket World Cup.  Women have beaten male teams to several milestones in one-day cricket. Women's ODI teams have beaten men's teams in the past. Women have also beaten women's teams to a number of milestones in the sport's 50th ODI matches. Women cricketers have been involved in several cricketing milestones in recent years.  England took on New Zealand at Hove in 2004. They were the first to play an international Twenty/20 match. England were also the first team to play a Twenty-20 match in the world. England won their first match in 2004 against New Zealand in Hove, taking on the Kiwis.  The first tie in a one-day international was also between Women's teams. Hosts New Zealand tied the first match of the World Cup in 1982 against England. England went on to record another tie against Australia in the same competition. New Zealand also tied a tie against England in the 1982 Women's World Cup.  Belinda Clark is the only female player to have scored a double hundred in an ODI. Sarah Illingworth and India's Venkatacher Kalpana both accounting for 6 batsman on the same day in the 1993 World Cup in India. The former Australian captain is the first woman to record 6 dismissals in a one-day international.  Pakistan's Sajjida Shah is the youngest player to appear in international cricket. She was playing against Ireland four months after her 12th birthday. Shah is playing for Pakistan against Ireland at the age of 12. She is the country's youngest ever international cricket player.  She also holds the record for the best bowling figures in a one-day international. She took 7 wickets for just 4 runs against Japan Women at the Sportpark Drieburg in Amsterdam in 2003. She also took a wicket for just four runs in the same match.  Fast bowler Cathryn Fitzpatrick took 180 wickets in her one-day international career. Fitzpatrick also took 180 runs in her ODI career for Australia. Fitzpatrick was a fast bowler for Australia in the ODI. Fitzpatrick won 180 runs for Australia during her one day international cricket career.  Claire Taylor was named one of Wisden's five cricketers of the year [5], the first woman to be honoured with the award in its 120-year history. In 2009 England batsman Claire Taylor became the first female cricketer to receive the award.  The Englan Englan has been in existence since at least 2017. Englan is known to be among the world's most famous car makers. It is believed to be the first car of its kind in the world to be driven by a car that has been driven by an engine. ",
  "29": " A hash function is a function that can map data of arbitrary size to fixed-size values. Some hash functions support variable length output, though there are some hash functions that support variable-length output. Hash functions can be used to map data from arbitrary sizes to fixed size values.  The values returned by a hash function are called hash values, hash codes, digests, or simply hashes. The values are returned by hash functions are known as hash values or hash codes. They can be found in hash functions such as hash codes and hash codes or hash digest codes.  Values are usually used to index a fixed-size table called a hash table. The values are used in indexing of a fixed size table. They are used for indexing and indexing tables such as hash tables. A hash table is a table that indexes a table with a fixed number of values.  Use of a hash function to index a hash table is called hashing or scatter storage addressing. It is used to index hash tables and scatter storage addresses. Use of the function is known as hashing or scattering storage addressing in the world of hash tables. The hash function indexing is a form of indexing to a table of a table.  Hash functions are used in data storage and retrieval applications to access data in a small and nearly constant time per retrieval. Hash functions and their associated hash tables are used to store and retrieve data.Hash functions are often used to handle data storage, retrieval and retrieval tasks in a data storage system.  They require an amount of storage space only fractional greater than the storage space required for the data or records themselves. They require a fractional storage space equivalent to the total storage space needed for the records or data. They can be stored in a fraction of the storage capacity required for all of their records.  Hashing is a computationally and storage space-efficient form of data access. It avoids the non-constant access time of ordered and unordered lists and structured trees. Hashing avoids the often exponential storage requirements of direct access of state spaces of large or variable-length keys.  Use of hash functions relies on statistical properties of key and function interaction. Worst-case behaviour is intolerably bad but rare but rare, and average case behaviour can be nearly optimal (minimal collision) Average-case\u00a0behaviour\u00a0can be very nearly optimal\u00a0(minimal collisions)  Hash functions are related to (and often confused with) checksums, check digits, fingerprints, lossy compression, randomization functions, error-correcting codes, and ciphers. Hash functions include checksums and fingerprints.Hash functions are also related to checksums.  Each concept has its own uses and requirements and is designed and optimized differently. Although the concepts overlap to some extent, each one has their own use and requirements. Each concept is designed to be optimized and optimized to meet different needs and needs of different needs, such as those of the world's most important systems.  The hash function differs from these concepts mainly in terms of data integrity. It is used in data integrity of the hash function. Hash function is a form of hash function called a hash function and a function that can be used to create hash functions. The function is used to generate hash functions in a way to make data integrity in data files.  A hash function takes a key as an input, which is associated with a datum or record. It is used to identify it to the data storage and retrieval application. The function is called a hash function and a key is used as a key to identify a record or datum.  The keys may be fixed length, like an integer, or variable length. The keys are either fixed length or a variable length like a name, like a key or a name. Key keys are fixed length and variable length, as well as fixed length of a key. Key letters may be variable length or fixed length as long as an integer.  In some cases, the key is the datum itself. In other cases, it is the key to finding the right datum to find the right place to find a new place to search for a new location. The datum is a key to the success of the search for new locations.  The output is a hash code used to index a hash table holding the data or records, or pointers to them. It is also used in indexing of a data or record, or pointing to them, to create a hash hash code. The output of the hash code is used in indices and records.  A hash function may be considered to perform three functions: convert variable-length keys into fixed length (usually machine word length or less) values, by folding them by words or other units using a parity-preserving operator like ADD or XOR. Use of a hash function to perform these functions.  Scrambles the bits of the key so that the resulting values are uniformly distributed over the keyspace. Scramble the bits to distribute uniformly over keyspace so that they are distributed over keys space.Scramble a key to create a key with a key and a key.  A good hash function satisfies two basic properties: 1) it should be very fast to compute; 2) It should minimize duplication of output values (collisions)Map the key values into ones less than or equal to the size of the table. Map the key. values. Hash functions rely on generating favourable probability distributions for their effectiveness. Hash functions reduce access time to nearly constant, reducing access time nearly constant.Hash functions use probability distributions to generate favourable probability results for their effective use of hash functions.Hash function is a function that generates a probability distribution of probability probability functions.  High table loading factors, pathological key sets and poorly designed hash functions can result in access times approaching linear in the number of items in the table. Poorly designed hash function can lead to problems in accessing tables. High table load factors can also lead to high access times in table access times.  Hash functions can be designed to give the best worst-case performance, good performance under high table loading factors, and in special cases, perfect (collisionless) mapping of keys into hash codes. Hash functions are designed to provide the best (worst-case) performance.  Implementation is based on parity-preserving bit operations (XOR and ADD), multiply, or divide. Implementation is based by using the bit operations XOR, ADD, multiply, divide, multiply or divide. Implementing bit operations are called \"XOR\" and \"ADD\"  Collision-resolution method employs an auxiliary data structure like linked lists or systematic probing of the table to find an empty slot. A necessary adjunct to the hash function is a collision resolution method. Collision resolution method uses a data structure such as linked lists and linked lists.  Hash functions are used in conjunction with hash tables to store and retrieve data items or data records. They are used to store data items and retrieve records. Hash functions can be used to retrieve data or record data items using a hash table. Hash tables are used by hash functions to store items or records in a data table.  The hash function translates the key associated with each datum or record into a hash code. The code is used to index the hash table, which is used for indexing of a hash table. The function is used in the hash function to translate the key to a hash function.  When an item is to be added to the table, the hash code may index an empty slot (also called a bucket) in which case the item is added there. The hash code can index a hole in the table to add an item to it, or an empty place.  If the hash code indexes a full slot, some kind of collision resolution is required. The new item may be omitted (not added to the table), or replace the old item, or it can be added to some other location by a specified procedure. If a new item is added to a full table, the new item can be omitted or replaced.  In chained hashing, each slot is the head of a linked list or chain, and items that collide at the slot are added to the chain. Items that collide in the chain are added onto the chain to the hash table. That procedure depends on the structure of a hash table, and the number of items collides with each slot.  Chains may be kept in random order and searched linearly, or in serial order, or as a self-ordered list by frequency to speed up access. Chains may be found in random or search linearly or by serial order. Chains may also be found by self-ordering lists by frequency or by order by order of chains.  In open address hashing, the table is probed starting from the occupied slot in a specified manner, usually by linear probing, quadratic probing, or double hashing until an open slot is located. The entire table is then probed (overflow) or the entire table must be probed.  Search for items follows the same procedure until the item is located, an open slot is found or an entire table has been searched (item not in table) Search ends when the item has been located or the entire table is searched. Items are searched until an item is found, or the item not in the table is located.  Hash functions are also used to build caches for large data sets stored in slow media. Hash functions can be used to cache data sets for large amounts of data sets.Hash functions can also be used for caches for data sets that are stored on slow media, such as slow data files.  Hash functions are an essential ingredient of the Bloom filter, a space-efficient probabilistic data structure that is used to test whether an element is a member of a set. A cache is generally simpler than a hashed search table since any collision can be resolved by discarding or writing back the older items.  A special case of hashing is known as geometric hashing or the grid method. The grid method is a special form of hashing known as  geometric hashing. It is also known as the geometric hashing method or the  grid method, or the geometric\u00a0geometric\u00a0hashing method.  hashing function can be interpreted as partitioning of metric space into a grid of cells. In these applications, the set of all inputs is some sort of metric spaces, and the hashing function is interpreted as a partition of that space. The hashing function has been used in some of the world's most complex computing applications.  The table is often an array with two or more indices (called a grid file, grid index, bucket grid, and similar names) and the hash function returns an index tuples. The table can be an array of indices, or an index file, or grid file.  This principle is widely used in computer graphics, computational geometry and many other disciplines, to solve many proximity problems in the plane or in three-dimensional space, such as finding closest pairs in a set of points, similar shapes in a list of shapes, similar images in a database, and so on. Hash tables are used to implement associative arrays and dynamic sets. Hash tables are also used to use associative array and dynamic set.Hash tables have been used in the past to implement dynamic arrays and associative sets.Hash table tables are often used in conjunction with associative and dynamic arrays.  A good hash function should map the expected inputs as evenly as possible over its output range. Good hash function maps the expected input to the expected output. A hash function must map its input to a uniformity over the output range of a hash function. It should map its output as evenly over its input and output ranges.  Every hash value in the output range should be generated with roughly the same probability. That is the same as every hash value generated with the same chance of generating the same hash value. The hash value should be the same size as the output value generated by the hash function.  The cost of hashing-based methods goes up sharply as the number of collisions increases. The cost is the same as the cost of using a hashing method to solve the same hash hash function as a pair of inputs that are mapped to same hash value. The hashing method is a form of hash function that can be used to solve complex problems in complex computers.  If some hash values are more likely to occur than others, a larger fraction of the lookup operations will have to search through a larger set of colliding table entries. If a hash value is more likely than others to occur, the lookup operations will need to search for a larger hash value.  This criterion only requires the value to be uniformly distributed, not random in any sense. It only requires that the value is uniformly distributed. The value is not random, but it is distributed uniformly in any way. This criterion is applied only to the value of the value, not randomly distributed.  A good randomizing function is (barring computational efficiency concerns) generally a good choice as a hash function. The converse need not be true, but the converse may be true. A hash function can be used as a randomizer or hash function to create a randomizing algorithm.  Hash tables often contain only a small subset of the valid inputs. Hash tables contain only small portions of valid input data.Hash tables are often used to generate large numbers of valid data tables. The results of these tables can be shown in a table by looking at the content of the table.  For instance, a club membership list may contain only a hundred or so member names, out of the very large set of all possible names. For example, a membership list contains only a few hundred names out of a set of 100 or more possible names. For example a membership membership list of 100 names can contain only 100 or so.  The uniformity criterion should hold for almost all typical subsets of entries that may be found in the table, not just for the global set of all possible entries. In these cases, the uniformity\u00a0criterion\u00a0should\u00a0holds\u00a0for almost all subsets of entries.  If a typical set of m records is hashed to n table slots, the probability of a bucket receiving many more than m/n records should be vanishingly small. In other words, if a typical bucket receives many more records, it is unlikely to receive many more.  In particular, if m is less than n, very few buckets should have more than one or two records. If m is n, n should be less than m, n is less likely to have multiple buckets with multiple records. In this case, m should be m, m is m - n.  A small number of collisions is virtually inevitable, even if n is much larger than m \u2013 see the birthday problem. A small n collision is almost inevitable, but a small number is almost always inevitable, such as the birthday of a child. The birthday problem is a birthday problem \u2013 see how birthday problems occur.  A hash function can be found that achieves absolute (or collisionless) uniformity. In special cases when the keys are known in advance and the key set is static, a hash function is found that can be used to achieve uniformity in the hash function of a key set.  Such a hash function is said to be perfect. Such a function can be found to be a perfect form of hash function. Such a perfect hash function has been used in the world's most complex computer systems. The hash function can also be used to create a perfect image of the universe.  There is no algorithmic way of constructing such a function - searching for one is a factorial function of the number of keys to be mapped versus the amount of table slots they're tapped into. Searching for a key is a function that is factorial of the keys mapped and tapped into the table's slots.  Finding a perfect hash function over more than a very small set of keys is usually computationally infeasible. The resulting function is likely to be more computationally complex than a standard hash function. It provides only a marginal advantage over a function with good statistical properties that yields a minimum number of collisions.  See universal hash function for more details of the universal function. Use the hash function to create a hash function. See universal Hash function for details of a universal function in the U.S. Use the function to solve problems in the world's most complex computing problems. Use hash function as a tool to solve complex problems such as complex multiplication.  When testing a hash function, the uniformity of the distribution of hash values can be evaluated by the chi-squared test. Testing and measurement can be used to test hash functions such as hash functions. The chi-Squared test is used to measure the distribution and accuracy of a given hash function.  This test is a goodness-of-fit measure: it's the actual distribution of items in buckets versus the expected (or uniform) distribution. The test is an actual (or expected) distribution of things in buckets. It's a good test of the distribution of the items in a bucket versus a uniform distribution.  The formula is:    \u2013 \u2013 \u2013  \u2013   -  \u2013 \u201c \u2013 \u2013 \u2018 \u2013  \u2018 - \u2018 \u2018 + \u2018. \u2013  - \u201c + \u201c -   \u201c \u2018   \u2014 \u2013 \u2013 + + +. \u201c. \u2013 \u2013 -  - + + \u2013. - +. +... - - + -. -. + + - -.. \u2013.. Use the formula for the formula to test your knowledge of the formula.  The number of keys is the number of buckets,    is  the number  of keys. The number   of buckets is  \u00a0m, \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0- the number\u00a0of\u00a0keys, or \u00a0the number of\u00a0buckets\u00a0of a bucket. ",
  "30": " Cars is an animated film series and Disney media franchise. Set in a world populated by anthropomorphic vehicles created by John Lasseter, Joe Ranft and Jorgen Klubien. The animated series is set in an anthropomorphic world populated with anthropomorphic cars.  The franchise began with the 2006 film, Cars, produced by Pixar and released by Walt Disney Pictures. The franchise is based on the film Cars, which was released by Pixar. The first Cars film was released in 2006 and has been released by Disney. It is the first time the franchise has been made into a feature film.  The film was followed by Cars 2 in 2011. Cars 2 was released in 2012 and Cars 3 in 2013. The film is followed by a sequel to the film, Cars 2, released in 2013 and 2014. The first Cars film was based on Cars 3, Cars 4, and Cars 2.  A third film, Cars 3, was released in 2017. Cars 3 is due to be released in the summer of 2018. A third Cars 3 will be released later this year in Australia and New Zealand. The film is based on Cars 3's first film, which is released in 2015.  The now-defunct Disneytoon Studios produced the two spin-off films Planes (2013) and Planes: Fire & Rescue (2014) The now defunct studio also produced two other spin-offs, Planes:\u00a0Fire & Rescue: Fire and Rescue: Planes.  The first two Cars films were directed by Lasseter, then-chief creative officer of Pixar, Walt Disney Animation Studios, and Disneytoon Studios. Cars 3 was directed by Brian Fee, a storyboard artist on the previous installments, while Cars 3 is directed by Fee.  Lasseter served as executive producer of Cars 3 and the Planes films. He also served as producer of the Planes and Cars 3 films. The Cars 3 film is the latest in a long line of Pixar films to be released this year. Lasset also produced the Planes, Cars 3, and Planes, the Planes series.  All three Cars films have accrued over $1.4 billion in box office revenue worldwide. The franchise has amassed over $10 billion in merchandising sales within its first five years. Together, all three films have amassed more than $1 billion in worldwide box office revenues.  The Cars franchise began with the original 2006 film. The Cars Cars franchise was released in 2006. The first Cars movie was based on the first Cars film, which came out in 2005. The franchise has been in the works since 2007. It is the first film in the Cars franchise to be released.  The short Mater and the Ghostlight was released as an extra on the Cars DVD on November 7, 2006. At the time, it was Pixar's least well received film by reviewers. The short was released in 2006 as a special feature on the DVD of the film.  A series of shorts called Cars Toons were produced and aired on the Disney Channel to keep interest up. The shorts were produced to keep up the interest up with the series of \"Cars Toons\" A Cars series of animated shorts were also produced by the Disney channel in the late 1980s.  The brand had sold nearly $10 billion in merchandise by the time of the release of Cars 2 in 2011. Cars Land theme area opened at Disney California Adventure in 2012 as the main component of $1-billion park renovation. A third film, Cars 3, was announced on October 8, 2015, and was released on June 16, 2017.  Pixar's Cars is the seventh Pixar film. The film was released in 2006. It is based on the film's first film, \"Cars\", which was released that same year as the first film Cars was released. It was released by Pixar in 2006 and has been released since 2007.  The story is about rookie race car Lightning McQueen (Owen Wilson) who gets lost on the way to California for a tiebreaker race in the Piston Cup, a famous race worldwide. Radiator Springs on Route 66 was bypassed and forgotten when Interstate 40 was built.  He accidentally wrecks the road and is sentenced to fix it. He was sentenced to a life sentence for wrecking the road. He is also sentenced to prison time for his part in a car accident. He's sentenced to life behind bars for his role in the accident.  During his time there, he meets Mater (Larry the Cable Guy), who became his best friend, and Sally (Bonnie Hunt) during his time at Mater's house. He also meets his best friends, Mater and Sally, who he calls Mater a best friend.  He also comes across Doc Hudson, who used to be a famous racecar called the Hudson Hornet until a career ending crash in 1954. Doc Hudson is Doc Hudson(Paul Newman) who once raced in a race car. The film is based on the book \"Hudson Hornet\"  After Lightning fixes the road, Doc Hudson no longer wants him in town, so he secretly alerts the media about Lightning's presence. Hudson goes back to being the Hudson Hornet and becomes McQueen's crew chief, while most of the Radiator Springs folks become his pit crew.  Lightning is about to win the race, but helps The King cross the finish line after Chick Hicks (Michael Keaton) causes him to crash. The King (Richard Petty) is the driver of the race in the final race of the day. The film stars Michael Keaton and Richard Petty.  Chick wins the Piston Cup after being in third on the last lap, but is later booed by everyone. Lightning receives praise for his sportsmanship, while Chick is booed for being in last lap of the race. Lightning is praised for being sportsman after being booed in the final lap.  Lightning is offered to be the new face and sponsor of Dinoco, but he declines and decides to stay with Rust-eze, his current sponsor. Lightning was offered a sponsorship deal with Dinoco but declined. Lightning is the current face of the Dinoco brand.  He does, however, arrange for Mater to ride in the Dinoco helicopter just as he promised. Mater does not get Mater in the helicopter, but he does get him back in the car. He gets Mater back to the helicopter as he promises he will ride in it.  The film ends with Lightning setting up his racing headquarters in Radiator Springs, thereby putting it back on the map. Lightning is Lightning's racing headquarters, which he sets up in the town. The film ended with Lightning putting the town back in the top of the world with a victory in the film.  Cars 2 (2011) is the twelfth Pixar film. The film is based on the 2011 film Cars 2. Cars 2 is the sequel to Cars 2, which was released by Pixar in 2011. It is the second film in the world, Cars 2 was released in March 2011.  Lightning McQueen competes in the World Grand Prix, organized by Sir Miles Axlerod (Eddie Izzard) in Japan, Italy, and England. Italian formula car Francesco Bernoulli (John Turturro) is his racing rival.  Along the way, Mater is mistaken for an American spy by Finn McMissile (Michael Caine) and falls in love with junior agent Holley Shiftwell (Emily Mortimer) along the way. The film is directed by Michael Caine and directed by John Defterios.  The three uncover a plot to sabotage the World Grand Prix, which is seemingly led by Professor Z\u00fcndapp (Thomas Kretschmann) and a group of lemon cars. The film is based on a book written by the author of the book \"The Grand Prix\"  When the event reaches its conclusion in England, Mater deduces that Axlerod is the mastermind behind the plot, as he started the event in the first place and intended for cars everywhere to run on oil as revenge for the lemons' reputation as \"history's biggest loser cars\"  With the plot foiled and the villains defeated, Mater is knighted by the Queen of the United Kingdom (Vanessa Redgrave) and a new race is held in Radiator Springs. With the defeat of the villains, the villains defeat Mater and the Queen knight Mater.  Mater is invited by McMissile and Shiftwell to go on another mission, but chooses to stay in Radiator Springs. Mater decides to stay with Shiftwell and is invited to stay on the mission. He is invited back to the mission but chooses not to stay.  While his weapons get confiscated, he gets to keep the rocket engines he acquired, as the two agents take off in Siddeley (Jason Isaacs), the British spy jet. The two agents get to keep their weapons, but he also keeps the rocket engine he acquired.  Cars 3 (2017) is the eighteenth Pixar film. The film is based on Cars Cars from Cars Cars 3. It is the first time Cars has been released in over two years. The movie was released by Pixar, which has produced the most successful films in Pixar's history.  The story focuses on Lightning McQueen, who deals with a new generation of race cars taking over the world of racing. The film is based on the story of a new race car taking over from the 1950s racing world. The story is set to be released on Blu-Ray and DVD on July 28, 2015.  Jackson Storm (Armie Hammer) is an arrogant high tech racer who leads the next generation. Armie Hammer plays Jackson Storm in the new series. The series is set to be released on October 26, 2015. It is the first time the series has aired on Blu-Ray and Digital Domain.  Lightning struggles with keeping up with these racers and suffers a violent crash during the final race of the season. Lightning struggles to keep up with the other racers as he struggles with his speed. Lightning crashes out of the last race of season and crashes out in the first place.  Four months later, a recovering Lightning mourns the late Doc Hudson and travels to the new Rust-eze Racing Center, now under the management of Sterling (Nathan Fillion) Four months after Doc Hudson died, the Lightning returns to the racing center. Nathan Fillion is the main character in the new series.  Lightning accidentally destroys a simulator after losing control. Cruz Ramirez (Cristela Alonzo) is assigned to train him on the simulator. The simulator accidentally destroys after Lightning accidentally loses control of it. The simulators are destroyed by the accident of the simulator, which is later destroyed by Lightning.  Cruz's unconventional training methods and lack of racing experience frustrate Lightning. The pair race on beaches and a demolition derby on the streets of Las Vegas. Cruz's lack of race experience frustrates Lightning, as they race on the beach and demolition derby. Cruz has a history of winning races in the US, with a record of seven wins.  Cruz reveals she had always wanted to be a racer but never found the confidence to do so. Cruz reveals that she never found confidence to race in the sport. Cruz: 'I was always a fan of racing, but never had the confidence of doing so. I love racing. I am so proud of my daughter's success'  In Thomasville, they encounter Hudson's old crew chief Smokey (Chris Cooper) who trains McQueen. Smokey explains to McQueen that Hudson found happiness in mentoring him. McQueen is reunited with his mentor, Smokey, in Thomasville. The film was released in October 2013.  Smokey's training methods inspire Ramirez as well. Ramirez has been in a relationship with Ramirez for years. Ramirez is a former NFL star who has been training in New York City, New Jersey. Ramirez says he has been inspired by Smokey's work ethic as well as his own.  Lightning begins racing at the Florida 500, but remembers Cruz's racing dreams and has her take his place in the race. Lightning takes his place at the race, but has her taken his place instead. Lightning wins the race for the first time in his career. Lightning is the daughter of Cruz Cruz, who has a racing dream.  Using what she learned on the road, Cruz found the confidence to catch up to Storm. Cruz: \"I'm not scared. I'm going to be scared,\" she said. \"I just want to be able to get my hands on the ground. That's what I really want to do.\"  She wins the race along with McQueen and begins racing for Dinoco, whose owner, Tex, purchases Rust-eze. Dinoco is owned by Tex, the owner of the race car, and the race begins with her win. She begins racing in Dinoco and is now racing in the race to Dinoco.  Under Dinoco\u2013Rust-eze brand, Cruz becomes a racer, sporting #51. McQueen decides to continue racing, with a new paint job in memory of Hudson, but trains Cruz first for the season. Cruz becomes the first racer to race under the merged Dinoco brand.  Cars 3 producers Kevin Reher and Andrea Warren told Cinema Blend that \"If there's a good story to tell I mean our heads kinda break after having gotten this one done, like oh my God, what could you do the further adventures of? \"Cars 4\"  \"We do love these characters, we love them as much as the public does,\" says director of Incredibles 2. \"As long as there's a good story to tell, it's worth investing,\" he says. The sequel is expected to be released in March 2018.  Reher and Warren stated that \"if Cruz is a breakout character, kind of like Mater was\", \"she [would] be involved in a 4\" \"Cruz\" would be the main protagonist in the movie, according to Warren and Reher. The movie is set to be released on July 26, 2015.  Owen Wilson stated at a Cars 3 press event that possible stories have been discussed for a Cars 4. Owen Wilson said he would personally like for a fourth Cars movie to delve into aspects of the thriller genre, akin to Cars 2. Wilson would like to see a fourth film delve into the thriller-themed genre.  Lea Delaria expressed interest in reprising her role as Miss Fritter in the Cars 3 DVD and Blu-ray release. In an interview with Screen Rant, Delaria said she would like to reprise her role in the short movie. The short film was released in conjunction with the release of the short car movie.  Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales (2008\u201312) is a series of short animated films featuring Mater, Lightning McQueen, and their friends. The series is a television series and a TV series based on the short animated series Cars toons. It is also a television spin-off.  First three shorts premiered on October 27, 2008 on Toon Disney, Disney Channel, and ABC Family. The first three shorts were released on October 26, 2008. The shorts were first aired on ToOn Disney, Toon and Disney Channel. They were released in October 2008 on ABC Family and Disney Toon.  Not exclusive to television, episodes have also been released on DVDs/Blu-rays or as in front of theatrical films. Episodes have also appeared on DVDs, Blu-rays and as in the audience of theatrical\u00a0filmmakers\u00a0as well as on television screens.  A total of 11 episodes have been released with Time Travel Mater (2012) being the most recent. All shorts in the series follow the same tall-tale formula: Mater tells a story of something he has done in the past. Mater is the main character of the series.  When Lightning questions Mater over whether the events in the story actually occurred, Mater always claimed that Lightning was also involved and continues the story including Lightning's sudden participation. Mater also always claimed Lightning was involved in the events and continues to continue the story. Lightning always asks Mater if the events actually occurred.  The shorts end with Mater leaving the scene, often followed by characters or references to the story that was being told, suggesting that story might be real. Mater leaves the scene after leaving the story, sometimes followed by other characters and references to that story. The shorts often end with the conclusion of the story being told.  Cars Toons: Tales from Radiator Springs (2013\u201314) is a series of short animated films. The series features the various residents of the titular location. The films were released in the summer of 2013 and 2014. They were released as part of a new series of animated series on Cars toons.  The first three two-minute episodes - Hiccups, Bugged, and Spinning - premiered on March 22, 2013, on Disney Channel, and have been available online since March 24, 2013. The series has been available on the Disney Channel since April 24.  A fourth short in the series, titled The Radiator Springs 500 \u00bd, was released in spring 2014 on the digital movie service Disney Movies Anywhere. The short was released on Disney's digital service Disney Movie Anywhere in the spring of that year. It is the fourth short from the series.  \"It premiered August 1, 2014, on Disney Channel. It premiered on the Disney Channel in August 2014. It is set to be released on August 31, 2014. The series is based on the popular series of children's television series \"The Lego Movie, The Lego Movie and The Lego Show.  Short has a running time of 6 minutes rather than the usual two-minute running time. The short has a 6 minute running time rather than a 2-minute run time. It is the first time the short has been released in six years. It was released in September 2011.  Pixar announced that an animated series starring Lightning McQueen and Mater traveling the country while meeting friends, new and old, was in development. Cars on the Road (2022) is set to be released on December 10, 2020, during Disney's Investors Day event.  On November 12, 2021, it was announced that the show would be titled Cars on the Road. Owen Wilson and Larry the Cable Guy will reprise their respective roles as Lightning McQueen and Mater. The show is set to be titled \"Cars on the road\"  The film will be released on Disney+ on September 8, 2022 as part of Disney+ Day. It was released on September 7, 2022. It will be part of the day of Disney's \"Disney+ Day\" The film is set to be released by Disney+ in September 2022.  Mater and the Ghostlight is a 2006 Pixar computer-animated film. The film was made by Pixar and was released by Disney in 2006. It is one of the world's most popular computer animated films, with many short films and short comedies, and has been released by Pixar, Disney and Disney. ",
  "31": " Chemical energy is the energy of chemical substances that is released when the substances undergo a chemical reaction and transform into other substances. The energy of a chemical substance is released in a reaction to a reaction and transformation of a substance. Chemical energy is energy released from chemical substances undergoing a reaction, transforming them into new ones.  Some examples of storage media of chemical energy include batteries, food, and gasoline. Some examples include batteries and food, as well as oxygen gas. oxygen gas is of high chemical energy due to its relatively weak double bond and indispensable for chemical-energy release in gasoline combustion.  Breaking and re-making chemical bonds involves energy, which may be absorbed by or evolved from a chemical system. Energy may be either absorbed by, evolved from or absorbed by chemical systems. Break and make chemical bonds involve energy, energy, that may be used to break and make bonds.  If reactants with relatively weak electron-pair bonds convert to more strongly bonded products, energy is released. Energy is released if the bonds bond strongly enough to bond more strongly. If the bonds are strong enough, energy can be released from reactants. Reactionants with weak bonds bond bonds release more energy.  Energy that can be released or absorbed because of a reaction is equal to the difference between the energy content of the products and the reactants, if the initial and final temperature is the same. Weakly bonded and unstable molecules store chemical energy. The energy released can be absorbed or absorbed in chemical reactions.  This change in energy can be estimated from the bond energies of the reactants and products. This change of energy is estimated from bond energies in the reactant and product. The reaction energies can be used to determine how much of a reaction can be produced. The reactants react to reactant energies are estimated from their bond energies to determine their energy.  It can also be calculated from the internal energy of formation of the reactant molecules, and the internal. energy of the product molecules. It is also calculated from    The internal energy  of the reactionant molecules. The energy of these molecules can be measured from the external energy of a given chemical reaction.  The internal energy change of a chemical process is equal to the heat exchanged if it is measured under conditions of constant volume and equal initial and final temperature, as in a closed container such as a bomb calorimeter. The energy change can be measured in the same container as the temperature of the final product.  Under conditions of constant pressure, the measured heat change is not always equal to the internal energy change. Pressure-volume work also releases or absorbs energy under constant pressure. In reactions in vessels open to the atmosphere, the heat change does not equal to internal energy. Pressure pressure-volume works also release or absorb energy.  The heat change at constant pressure is equal to the enthalpy of reaction, if initial and final temperatures are equal. The enthalphy of reaction is the same as the heat change in a reaction to a reaction. In this case, the heat of reaction can be equal to that of a reaction in reaction to heat.  A related term is the heat of combustion, which is the energy mostly of the weak double bonds of molecular oxygen released due to a combustion reaction. It is often applied in the study of fuels and often applied to the study\u00a0of fuels. The energy of combustion is mostly the energy of the strong double bonds released by molecular oxygen.  Food is similar to hydrocarbon and carbohydrate fuels, and when it is oxidized to carbon dioxide and water, the energy released is analogous to the heat of combustion. Food energy is assessed differently than for a hydrocarbon fuel\u2014see food energy. Food is like hydrocarbon fuels, but when it's oxidized, it releases energy similar to combustion.  Chemical potential energy is a form of potential energy related to the structural arrangement of atoms or molecules. Potential energy is related to atoms and molecules' structural arrangement. It is also related to structure of molecules and atoms in chemical structures. Potential potential energy can be used to generate potential energy from molecules. It can also be used in chemical analysis of molecules.  This arrangement may be the result of chemical bonds within a molecule or interactions between them. It may be a result of a chemical bond between a molecule and a molecule. The arrangement may also be result of interactions between molecules and bonds within molecules. The structure of molecules is a key part of the molecule's chemistry.  Chemical energy of a chemical substance can be transformed to other forms of energy by a chemical reaction. Chemical energy can also be transformed by chemical reactions. Chemical reactions can be used to transform chemical energy into another form of energy. Chemicals can also transform energy from a substance to a form of electricity.  When a fuel is burned, the chemical energy of molecular oxygen and the fuel is converted to heat. For example, molecular oxygen can be used to convert the energy of the fuel into heat. The chemical energy is used to burn a fuel, or heat, in a process of converting it to electricity.  Green plants transform solar energy to chemical energy (mostly of oxygen) through the process of photosynthesis. Electrical energy can be converted into chemical energy and vice versa through electrochemical reactions. Solar energy can also be converted to electrical energy through electrochemicals. Green plants can produce solar energy through photosynthesis or chemical energy through chemical reactions.  Chemical potential is used to indicate the potential of a substance to undergo a change of configuration, be it in the form of a chemical reaction, spatial transport, particle exchange with a reservoir, etc. The similar term chemical potential is also used to describe a substance's potential to change its configuration.  Potential energy is not a form of potential energy itself, but is more closely related to free energy. It is not an energy form itself but is related to potential energy. Free energy is a closely related form of free energy to potential potential energy, but not potential energy in itself.  The confusion in terminology arises from the fact that in other areas of physics not dominated by entropy, all potential energy is available to do useful work and drives the system to spontaneously undergo changes of configuration. There is no distinction between \"free\" and \"non-free\" potential energy.  In systems of large entropy such as chemical systems, the total amount of energy present (and conserved according to the first law of thermodynamics) of which this chemical potential energy is a part, is separated from the amount of that energy\u2014thermodynamic free energy (from which chemical potential is derived) which drives the system forward spontaneously as the global entropy increases. == References: References, references, articles, photos, videos, photos and videos. The author of this article has published two books, one of which have been published in the past. The book is published in New York, New York and Washington, DC, D.C., D.A. ",
  "32": " The president of the United States is indirectly elected to a four-year term via the Electoral College. The president is the head of state and head of government of the U.S. The Electoral College elects the president indirectly via the election of the president to a term of four years.  The officeholder leads the executive branch of the federal government and is the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces. He is the president of the U.S. armed forces and the commander of the armed forces. The office holder is the highest-ranking member of the Cabinet at the time of the presidency.  45 men have served in 46 presidencies since the office was established in 1789. Since 1789, 45 have been in charge of the White House since President George W. Bush was inaugurated. 45 men served in the office between 1789 and 2009. 45 have served as presidents since then.  The first president, George Washington, won a unanimous vote of the Electoral College. George Washington was elected president of the United States in 17th century. The Electoral College voted for George Washington to be president in 1777. Washington was the first president to be elected in the nation's first election.  Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms and is therefore counted as the 22nd and 24th president of the United States. Cleveland is considered to be the 22th and 23th president, giving rise to the discrepancy between presidencies and the number of individuals who have served as president.  The presidency of William Henry Harrison, who died 31 days after taking office in 1841, was the shortest in U.S. history. The incumbent president is Joe Biden, who is currently in office in Washington, D.C. The presidency is currently being held by Joe Biden.  Franklin D. Roosevelt served the longest, over twelve years, before dying early in his fourth term in 1945. Roosevelt died in 1945 after serving four terms in four terms. Roosevelt was the longest-serving president of the United States, ending his reign in 1946. He was the only president to hold office for over 12 years.  He is the only U.S. president to have served more than two terms. He is also the only president to serve more than three terms in the United States. He was elected to the presidency in 1964, 1964 and 1986. He served two terms in both terms.  Since 1951, no person may be elected president more than twice. No one who has served more than two years of a term to which someone else was elected can be elected more than once. Four presidents died in office of natural causes, four were assassinated, one resigned, and one resigned.  John Tyler was the first vice president to assume the presidency during a presidential term. He set the precedent that a vice president who does so becomes the fully functioning president with his presidency. John Tyler set a precedent for vice presidents to assume their roles as president during presidential terms. American politics has been dominated by political parties throughout its history.  The Constitution is silent on the issue of political parties, and at the time it came into force in 1789, no organized parties existed. At the time of the 1789 Constitution, there were no organized political parties in existence. The Constitution was silent on political parties.  Political factions began rallying around dominant Washington administration officials, such as Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson. Political factions rallied around Hamilton and Jefferson in the first year of the 1st Congress. Alexander Hamilton was the first president of the first Congress to hold office in Washington, D.C., in 17th century.  Washington remained unaffiliated with any political faction or party throughout his eight-year presidency. The president was concerned about the capacity of political parties to destroy the fragile unity holding the nation together. Washington remained unaffiliated with any party or faction during his eight years in office. He was elected to the White House in 1996.  He was, and remains, the only U.S. president never affiliated with a political party. He was the only president of the United States to have been elected to the presidency without a party affiliation. He remains the only American president to be elected without a political affiliation.  President of the United States is one of the most powerful men in the world. He is the first president of the U.S. to hold office in office in Washington, D.C. and the first lady of the state of the nation. He has been in office at the National Security Council since 1903. ",
  "33": " A dividend is a distribution of profits by a corporation to its shareholders. Dividends are distributed by corporations to their shareholders. A corporation is distributed profits by its shareholders to its owners. A dividend may be distributed by a company or a corporation in order to distribute profits to shareholders.  When a corporation earns a profit or surplus, it is able to pay a portion of the profit as a dividend to shareholders. A portion of a profit can be paid to shareholders as a result of the company's profits. When a company makes a profit, it can then pay a part of that profit to shareholders in a dividend.  Any amount not distributed is taken to be re-invested in the business (called retained earnings) The amount not paid is taken back to be taken back into the business. Retained earnings are taken back from the company to be reinvested into its business. The company is a multi-million-dollar company.  The current year profit as well as the retained earnings of previous years are available for distribution. The corporation is usually prohibited from paying a dividend out of its capital. A corporation is not allowed to pay a dividend from its capital out of the company's earnings. The current and previous year profits can be sold for distribution by a corporation.  Distribution to shareholders may be in cash (usually by bank transfer) or, if the corporation has a dividend reinvestment plan, the amount can be paid by the issue of further shares or by share repurchase. Shareholders may be paid in cash or by repurchase of shares.  In some cases, the distribution may be of assets. The distribution may also include the distribution of assets, such as the sale of assets. In some of these cases, it may also be of property assets. The distribution of these assets may involve the sale and sale of all of the assets.  The dividend received by a shareholder is income of the shareholder and may be subject to income tax (see dividend tax) Dividends received by shareholders are income received by the shareholder. The dividend is income received and subject to tax, which may be a form of income tax.  The tax treatment of this income varies considerably between jurisdictions between jurisdictions. The tax\u00a0treatment\u00a0of this income is also subject to varying tax rates in the United States, Canada, Australia, Canada and New Zealand. In the U.S. it is taxed at $1,000 a year, with the highest rate in the world, at $2,500 a year.  A dividend is allocated as a fixed amount per share, with shareholders receiving a dividend in proportion to their shareholding. The corporation does not receive a tax deduction for the dividends it pays. A company does not get a tax\u00a0deductible\u00a0dividner for its dividends.  Dividends can provide temporarily stable income and raise morale among shareholders. However, they are not guaranteed to continue in the long run of dividends. Dividions can provide a temporary boost to shareholders' morale, but not guaranteed future income will continue. Shareholders should not expect a long-term increase in dividends from the company.  For the joint-stock company, paying dividends is not an expense. Rather, it is the division of after-tax profits among shareholders. The company is a joint stock company that split profits among its shareholders. Dividends are divided among shareholders, not a tax expense, but a profit division.  Retained earnings (profits that have not been distributed as dividends) are shown in the shareholders' equity section on the company's balance sheet \u2013 the same as its issued share capital.Retained earnings are shown on the shareholders\u2019 equity section of the company\u2019s balance sheet.  Public companies pay dividends on a fixed schedule, but may cancel a scheduled dividend, or declare an unscheduled dividend at any time. Unscheduled dividends are sometimes called a special dividend to distinguish it from the regular dividends. Public companies may also declare a special\u00a0dividend\u00a0on a fixed\u00a0schedule.  A special dividend is paid at the same time as the regular dividend, but for a one-off higher amount. Usually a special\u00a0dividend\u00a0is paid for a higher amount of interest in the share price of a company. A special\u00a0Dividend is paid for the same amount of money as the\u00a0regular\u00a0regular dividend.  Cooperatives allocate dividends according to members' activity, so their dividends are often considered to be a pre-tax expense. Cooperatives, on the other hand, allocate their dividends based on their activity. Co-owners' dividends are considered a 'pre-tax' expense, not an 'expense'  The usually fixed payments to holders of preference shares (or preferred stock in American English) are classed as dividends. In American English, preferred stock is a type of pre-denison. Preference shares are preferred shares or preferred stock. Preferred stock dividends are also known as dividend payouts.  The word dividend comes from the Latin word dividendum (\"thing to be divided\") Dividum is a Latin word for a divided thing. Dividums means \"a thing divided\" and \"thing to divide\" is a division of things. The word \"dividum\" means a thing to divide, divided.  Dutch East India Company (VOC) was the first recorded (public) company ever to pay regular dividends. VOC was first recorded company to pay (publicly) a public company to do so in the history of the world. The VOC paid regular dividends for the first time in history.  The VOC paid annual dividends worth around 18 percent of the value of the shares for almost 200 years of existence (1602\u20131800) Courts have typically refused to intervene in companies' dividend policies, giving directors wide discretion as to the declaration of or payment of dividends.  The principle of non-interference was established in the Canadian case of Burland v Earle (1902), the British case of Bond v Barrow Haematite Steel Co. The Australian case of Miles v Sydney Meat-Preserving Co Ltd was also established in 1912.  The Supreme Court of New South Wales recognised a shareholder's contractual right to a dividend. Sumiseki Materials Co Ltd v Wambo Coal Pty Ltd (2013) was the first case to recognise this precedent. However, the Supreme Court in NSW broke with this precedent and recognised a shareholders' contractual right\u00a0to\u00a0a\u00a0dividition.  Cash dividends are the most common form of payment and are paid out in currency, usually via electronic funds transfer or a printed paper check. Dividends are paid in cash or electronic funds transfers or printed paper checks. Cash dividends pay out in cash and are usually paid in currency.  Such dividends are a form of investment income of the shareholder, usually treated as earned in the year they are paid. Dividends are usually treated in the years they were paid, not necessarily the year a dividend was declared. The dividends are treated as investment income, not as earned as earned the year the dividends were declared.  For each share owned, a declared amount of money is distributed. A declared amount is distributed for each share of the company. The company is based in New York City, New York, New Jersey, and the United States, USA, Canada, USA. For more information, visit www.democracy.org/democracy-against-a-democracy.  If a person owns 100 shares and the cash dividend is 50 cents per share, the holder of the stock will be paid $50. The holder of 100 shares will receive $50 if they receive a dividend of $50 per share. The dividend is based on the amount of shares sold by the company.  Dividends paid are not classified as an expense, but rather a deduction of retained earnings. The dividend is not a tax expense, rather a tax on retained earnings, according to the US Treasury. The tax bill is the equivalent of a bill of $1.2 billion.  Dividends paid does not appear on an income statement, but does appear on the balance sheet. The company's income statement does not include dividends, but it does show that they are paid out on the income statement. The bank's balance sheet does not reveal how much money has been invested in the company.  Different classes of stocks have different priorities when it comes to dividend payments. Dividends are more likely to be given to stocks that have different levels of dividend payouts. Stocks in the U.S. market have a higher risk of missing out on dividend payments than those in the past.  Preferred stocks have priority claims on a company's income. Preferred stocks are preferred stocks with priority claims to a company\u2019s income. Preferred stocks are often preferred shares of a company that has a preferred share price of $1.2 billion. Preferred shares are preferred shares with a preferred price of up to $1 billion.  A company must pay dividends on its preferred shares before distributing income to common share shareholders. Dividends on preferred shares must be paid before common share income is distributed to common shareholders. The company must also pay a company's preferred share dividends before paying income to its common share holders.  Stock or scrip dividends are paid out in the form of additional shares of the issuing corporation, or another corporation (such as its subsidiary corporation) Stock dividends are those paid out of the company's stock, or a scrip dividend, to be paid in the amount of additional stock shares. Dividends are also paid out to the issuing company's subsidiary corporation.  They are usually issued in proportion to shares owned. For example, for every 100 shares of stock owned, a 5% stock dividend will yield 5 extra shares. Dividends are usually given to people who own a large amount of stock. They are often issued to shareholders who own large numbers of shares.  Nothing tangible will be gained if the stock is split because the total number of shares increases, lowering the price of each share, without changing the market capitalization, or total value, of the shares held. The split will not change the value of the share, but the value or market capital of the stock held.  Stock dilution is a form of dilution in the stock market. Stock prices have risen in recent years to more than $1 billion in value. Stock markets in the U.S. have seen a sharp drop in value in the past year. The U.K. government has increased the value of its stock market by more than a quarter.  Stock dividend distributions do not affect the market capitalization of a company. Stock dividend distribution does not affect company's share price. Dividends are paid out in accordance with the law of law, according to the Supreme Court of Appeals in New York City, New York, New Jersey.  Stock dividends are not includable in the gross income of the shareholder for US income tax purposes. Stock dividends do not count in the income tax of a shareholder. Dividends are not\u00a0included\u00a0inclusion\u00a0of the shareholder\u2019s gross income for US\u00a0income\u00a0tax purposes.  Property dividends or dividends in specie (Latin for \"in kind\") are those paid out in the form of assets from the issuing corporation or another corporation. Because the shares are issued for proceeds equal to the pre-existing market price of the shares, there is no negative dilution in the amount recoverable.  They are relatively rare and most frequently are securities of other companies owned by the issuer. However, they can take other forms, such as products and services, as well as other forms of securities. They can be traded in the form of shares or shares of the issuer's other companies.  Interim dividends are dividend payments made before a company's Annual General Meeting (AGM) and final financial statements. Interim dividend payments are made before the company's annual general meeting. Dividends made before company's AGM and financial statements are finalised before the AGM.  This declared dividend usually accompanies the company's interim financial statements. The declared dividend is usually accompanied by a declaration of interest in a company's share price. Dividends are declared by the company and usually accompany its interim results. This declaration is often accompanied by an announcement of an interest in dividends.  Other dividends can be used in structured finance. Dividends can also be used to fund structured finance projects. Other dividends are also used to pay dividends to investors in structured financial transactions. The dividends are used to make money from a structured finance project, such as a multi-billion dollar investment.  Financial assets with known market value can be distributed as dividends. Warrant warrants are sometimes distributed in this way. Dividends are often distributed as part of the distribution of financial assets. Financial assets can be sold as dividends or shares of interest in a company's stock market.  For large companies with subsidiaries, dividends can take the form of shares in a subsidiary company. Dividends can also be paid in shares of the company's subsidiary company, or shares of a company that has a large stake in the company. For large firms with subsidiary companies, dividends are paid in part of the firm's operations.  A common technique for \"spinning off\" a company from its parent is to distribute shares in the new company to the old company's shareholders. The new company will be spun off from the parent of its parent. The company's new owners will be able to take control of the company from their parent.  New shares can then be traded independently. The new shares can be traded separately and can be sold on the same basis. The shares will then be available for sale on the market again in the next few months. The company will then release the shares to the public for the first time.  A payout ratio greater than 100 means a company is paying out more in dividends for the year than it earned. Payout ratio is calculated based on dividends per share and earnings per share. Dividend coverage is based on the company's dividend coverage of the past two years.  Dividends are paid in cash and paid out in cash. The company's annual dividend is paid in the form of a dividend each year. The bank's annual payout is $1.2 billion. The Bank of England pays the majority of the money through dividends and interest payments.  Earnings are an accountancy measure and do not represent the actual cash-flow of a company. On the other hand, earnings are a measure of accountancy measures and don't represent actual cash flow. Earnings should be taken into account for the company's real cash flow, analysts say.  Hence, a more liquidity-driven way to determine the dividend's safety is to replace earnings by free cash flow. Free cash flow is the key to determining the safety of a company's dividend. Dividends are more likely to be more secure than earnings, say analysts.  The free cash flow represents the company's available cash based on its operating business after investments. The company's annual dividend that is declared must be approved by a company's board of directors before it is paid. Dividend dates are based on a dividend declared by the company.  The position in the UK is very similar, except that the expression \"in-dividend date\" is not used. For public companies in the US, four dates are relevant regarding dividends: The position is similar to that of the UK, where dividend dates are also relevant.  Declaration date is the day the board of directors announces its intention to pay a dividend. Declaration dates are the date of the declaration of the company's declaration of interest in paying a dividend to the public. Dividends are declared by the board and the public body of the corporation.  On that day, a liability is created and the company records that liability on its books; it now owes the money to the shareholders. The company records the liability on the books, and records it as a liability. The liability is now a liability to the company, and it owes the company the money it owes.  In-dividend date \u2013 last day, which is one trading day before the ex dividend date, where shares are said to be cum dividend ('with [including] dividend') Share price is said to have cum dividend, cum dividend or cum dividend. In-in-date date \u2013 the last day which is the last trading day which occurs before the dividend date. Share price change date is one day before an ex-share price change.  existing shareholders and anyone who buys the shares on this day will receive the dividend. Anyone who has sold the shares lose their right to the dividend, and any shareholders who have sold shares lose the right to it. Any shareholders who sell the shares will also receive a dividend, as well as any who have already sold them.  After this date the shares becomes ex dividend. The shares will be ex-dividends after the end of the year. After the dividend, the shares will no longer be held ex-payments. The company's shares will not be sold to the public again until 2018.  Ex-dividend date \u2013 the day on which shares bought and sold no longer come attached with the right to be paid the most recently declared dividend \u2013 no longer comes with the date of the most recent declared dividend. Ex-share date is the day of the day shares bought or sold are no longer associated with the dividend.  In the United States and many European countries, it is typically one trading day before the record date. In the U.S. and many other countries, the trading day is typically the day before a new record is made. In Europe, the record-breaking date is the day of the day the record was made.  This is an important date for any company that has many shareholders, including those that trade on exchanges, to enable reconciliation of who is entitled to be paid the dividend. The date is important for companies that have many shareholders to reconcile who are entitled to receive the dividend, such as those trading on exchanges.  Existing shareholders will receive the dividend even if they sell the shares on or after that date. However, anyone who bought the shares will not receive the same dividend. Anyone who bought shares on the same date will not be entitled to the dividend. The dividend will be paid to existing shareholders even if the company sells the shares.  It is relatively common for a share's price to decrease on the ex-dividend date by an amount roughly equal to the dividend being paid, which reflects the decrease in the company's assets resulting from the payment of the dividend. It is common to see a share price drop on the date of an ex-payment by roughly equal amount.  When a company announces a dividend, it will also announce the date on which the company will temporarily close its books for share transfers, which is also usually the record date. Book closure date is usually the same as the company's record date for share transfer transactions. Book closing date is also the date when the company temporarily closes its books on share transfers.  Shareholders registered in the company's record as of the record date will be paid the dividend. Shareholders who are not registered as of this date will not receive this dividend. Dividends paid to shareholders registered in company's records as of record date. Shareholder not registered to receive dividend will not be paid dividend.  Registration in most countries is essentially automatic for shares purchased before the ex-dividend date. Registration is essentially automatically for shares bought before the dividend date in the UK. registration is also automatic in the U.S. for shares sold before the date of the dividend.  Payment date is the day on which dividend cheques will actually be mailed to shareholders or the dividend amount credited to their bank account. Shareholders will receive a cheque on the day they receive the cheques or the amount they receive will be credited to the bank account of the company.  The dividend frequency is the number of dividend payments within a single business year. Dividend frequency is a dividend frequency of a single company's dividend payments. The frequency of the dividend payments in a business year is determined by the size of the amount of the payments received each year.  Most usual dividend frequencies are yearly, semi-annually, quarterly and monthly. The most usual dividend frequency is yearly, monthly and quarterly. Dividends are given by the Government of India. The government of India is one of the largest countries in the world, with the largest number of countries in South Africa.  Some common dividend frequencies are quarterly in the US, semi-annually in Japan, UK and Australia and annually in Germany. Dividends in Germany and Japan are annually in the UK, Japan, Australia and Germany. Some of the most common dividend frequency is quarterly in US and quarterly in Japan.  Some companies have dividend reinvestment plans, or DRIPs, not to be confused with scrips. Dividend-reinvestment plans are not the same as dividend-rewarding plans. DRIP plans are also known as dividend reinvestments plans.  DRIPs allow shareholders to use dividends to systematically buy small amounts of stock, usually with no commission and sometimes at a slight discount.DRIPs can be used to buy stocks at a discount or to buy shares at a small price. DRIP is a form of form of a tax-free investment that allows shareholders to save their money.  In some cases, the shareholder might not need to pay taxes on these re-invested dividends. But in most cases they do. In most cases, they do. Shareholders might not have to pay tax on the dividends they receive. Shareholders should pay taxes if they pay them.  Governments may adopt policies on divident distribution for the protection of shareholders and the preservation of company viability, as well a company's viability. Law and government policy on dividends is based on law and government law on dividends. Dividends are distributed to shareholders and to the shareholders of a company. ",
  "34": " Stocks (also capital stock, or sometimes interchangeably, shares) consist of all the shares by which ownership of a corporation or company is divided. Stocks are also known as 'capital stock' or 'capital\u00a0stock' and \"capital stock\" or \"capital\u00a0stocks\"  A single share of the stock means fractional ownership of the corporation in proportion to the total number of shares. A share of a company's stock is a fractional share of ownership of a corporation. The company is owned by a single person and a single share is a single corporation.  This typically entitles the shareholder (stockholder) to that fraction of the company's earnings, proceeds from liquidation of assets, or voting power, often dividing these up in proportion to the amount of money each stockholder has invested. This typically includes a fraction of earnings, liquidation proceeds, voting power and voting power.  Not all stock is necessarily equal, as certain classes of stock may be issued without voting rights, with enhanced voting rights or with a certain priority to receive profits or liquidation proceeds before or after other classes of shareholders. Not all stocks are necessarily equal - not all stock has voting rights.  Stock can be bought privately or sold privately or on stock exchanges. Stock can also be bought and sold on the internet or on the stock market. Stock prices can be purchased on the Internet or in stock exchanges, or in the UK. Stock markets can be accessed by phone, computer or internet, or stock exchange.  Such transactions are closely overseen by governments and regulatory bodies to prevent fraud, protect investors, and benefit the larger economy. Such transactions have been closely monitored by governments to stop fraud and protect investors. It is hoped the transactions will benefit the economy and help the world's economy.  The stocks are deposited with the depositories in the electronic format also known as Demat account. Demat accounts are deposited in electronic format. The depositories are located in an electronic format known as the Demat Account Account. The stocks were deposited in the depository depositories.  Ownership and rights of existing shareholders are diluted in return for cash to sustain or grow the business. As new shares are issued by a company, the ownership of existing owners are diluted. New shares issued by companies are issued to pay for cash needed to sustain, grow or sustain the company.  Companies can also buy back stock, which often lets investors recoup the initial investment plus capital gains from subsequent rises in stock price. Investors can also recoup capital gains by buying back stock and selling it back to make it more attractive to invest in the stock market. Companies can then buy back their own stock, allowing investors to recoup their initial investment.  Stock options issued by many companies as part of employee compensation do not represent ownership, but represent the right to buy ownership at a future time at a specified price. Stock options are not a representation of ownership but represent a future purchase of ownership. Options are often issued by employees as a part of their compensation package.  This would represent a windfall to the employees if the option is exercised when the market price is higher than the promised price. If they immediately sold the stock they would keep the difference (minus taxes) from the difference. If the option was exercised, the employees would get the difference from selling the stock, minus taxes.  Stock bought and sold in private markets fall within the private equity realm of finance. Stock bought by private equity is bought by the firm's clients and sold by private investors in the private market. The firm is a private equity firm that deals with private equity clients in the United States.  A person who owns a percentage of the stock has the ownership of the corporation proportional to their share. The ownership of a corporation is proportional to the person who has a share in the corporation. A person owns a share of a company that has a certain amount of stock.  The shares form a stock. The shares are traded in shares and sold for shares. The shares of the shares are sold to investors in the stock market. The stock market is based on the sale of shares and prices for each share. The company is based in New York City, New Jersey.  The stock of a corporation is partitioned into shares, the total of which are stated at the time of business formation. The total of a company's stock is divided into shares and the value of each share is stated. The value of the corporation's shares is stated in the company's share bookings.  Additional shares may be authorized by the existing shareholders and issued by the company. Additional shares could be issued in the company's decision to increase the number of shares issued. The company has a history of more than 1,000,000 shares in its history of trading at the time of publication.  In some jurisdictions, each share of stock has a certain declared par value, which is a nominal accounting value used to represent the equity on the balance sheet of the corporation. The par value is used in some jurisdictions to represent equity in the corporation's equity on its balance sheet.  In some jurisdictions, shares of stock may be issued without associated par value. In other jurisdictions, the par value of shares is not linked to par value, but it is associated with par value. In some cases, shares are issued without par value in the form of shares of company stock.  Shares represent a fraction of ownership in a business. Shareholders are a share of ownership of a company. Shares are often a small fraction of the ownership of businesses. Share prices in the U.S. market are up by up to $1.5 billion a year, according to a recent survey.  A business may declare different types (or classes) of shares, each having distinctive ownership rules, privileges, or share values. Each type of share has different ownership rules and privileges. Businesses declare different classes of shares that share ownership rules or values. A business declares different types of shares or classes of share shares.  Ownership of shares may be documented by issuing a stock certificate. Issued stock certificates may be used to document ownership of shares. Ownership may also be documented through the issuance of stock certificates. Share certificates are required to prove ownership of a share in a public company.  A stock certificate is a legal document that specifies the number of shares owned by the shareholder, and other specifics of the shares, such as the par value, if any, or the class of shares. It is a document that details the amount of shares, and the class, of those shares, that the shareholder owns.  Stock can also refer to all kinds of marketable securities. In the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, South Africa, and Australia, stock can refer to various types of stock. Stock is also used in the United States, Ireland, Australia, and South Africa. In Australia and the U.K. stock is used to refer to a variety of types of securities.  Stock typically takes the form of shares of either common stock or preferred stock. Common stock is a form of common stock, preferred stock or common stock. Stock is a type of type of stock that can be traded in the stock market. Common and preferred stock are common shares of common and preferred.  Common stock typically carries voting rights that can be exercised in corporate decisions. Common stock is a unit of ownership that carries a voting power to influence corporate decisions. Common stock can also have voting rights to influence a company's decision to make certain decisions in a corporate decision, such as those of the company.  Preferred stock does not carry voting rights but is legally entitled to receive a certain level of dividend payments before any dividends can be issued to other shareholders. Preferred stock differs from common stock in that it typically carries no voting rights. Dividends can only be given to shareholders if they are entitled to a certain amount of payments before other shareholders can issue them.  Convertible preferred stock is preferred stock that includes an option for the holder to convert the preferred shares into a fixed number of common shares. Convertible stock includes option for conversion of preferred shares to common shares, usually any time after a predetermined date. Conversion of preferred stock can take place after a certain date, usually after a pre-specified date. Shares of such stock are called \"convertible preferred shares\" in the UK. Shares of such shares are called 'convertibles preferred shares' or 'preference shares' in UK. In the UK, such\u00a0preference\u00a0shareholders\u00a0are called \"preferred shares\" or \"converted\u00a0preferred\u00a0share\"  New equity issue may have specific legal clauses attached that differentiate them from previous issues of the issuer. New equity issues may also have specific clauses attached to them that distinguish them from new issues of previous issues. The issuer may not be able to make changes to the terms of the new equity issue.  Some shares of common stock may be issued without the typical voting rights, for instance, or some shares may have special rights unique to them and issued only to certain parties. Some shares may also have special voting rights and are issued without voting rights for certain parties, for example, or with special rights only issued to specific parties.  New issues that have not been registered with a securities governing body may be restricted from resale for certain periods of time. Often, new issues that are not registered with the governing body can be restricted to resale. New issues may not be sold for a certain period of time, such as a new issue.  Preferred stock may be hybrid by having the qualities of bonds of fixed returns and common stock voting rights. Preferred stock is a hybrid by combining fixed returns with common shares of common stock with voting rights. Preferred stock shares have voting rights, voting rights and fixed returns. Preferred shares may be hybrids by having both fixed and voting rights rights.  They also have preference in the payment of dividends over common stock. Also have been given preference at the time of liquidation over the company's stock at liquidation. Have preference in payment of dividend and liquidation of common stock over the firm's common stock. Have preference for liquidation in the event of a liquidation at the company liquidation.  They have other features of accumulation in dividend. Dividends have a long history of accumulating dividends. They have a history of accumulation of dividend shares. They also have an accumulation of shares in dividend stock market value. They are often followed by a long-running dividend policy.  Preferred stock usually comes with a letter designation at the end of the security. For example, Berkshire-Hathaway Class \"B\" shares sell under stock ticker BRK.B, whereas Class \"A\" shares of ORION DHC, Inc will sell under ticker OODHA.  This extra letter does not mean that any exclusive rights exist for the shareholders. It does let investors know that the shares are considered for such, however, these rights or privileges may change based on the decisions made by the underlying company. This does not give shareholders exclusive rights but it does let them know that they are considered.  Rule 144 stock\" is an American term given to shares of stock subject to SEC Rule 144: Selling Restricted and Control Securities. Rule 144 is selling restricted and control securities subject to the SEC's rule of selling restricted stock stock to the public. The term is used to refer to shares subject to Rule 144.  Under Rule 144, restricted and controlled securities are acquired in unregistered form. The deal was acquired under Rule 144 under the guidance of the Securities and Exchange Exchange Act of the U.S. under the rule of law. Under the rule 144, unregistered securities can be acquired under the direction of an unregistered company.  Investors either purchase or take ownership of these securities through private sales (or other means such as via ESOPs or in exchange for seed money) from the issuing company (as in the case with Restricted Securities) or from an affiliate of the issuer. Private sales are private sales or other means of ownership.  Investors wishing to sell these securities are subject to different rules than those selling traditional common or preferred stock. The rules apply to those who sell traditional stock, such as preferred stock, are different from those who want to sell them. Investors must also be aware of the rules governing selling these securities.  These individuals will only be allowed to liquidate their securities after meeting the specific conditions set forth by SEC Rule 144. These individuals are only allowed to. Liquidate their. securities after. meeting the conditions set. forth by the SEC rule 144. The individuals will not be liquidated after meeting specific conditions.  Rule 144 allows public re-sale of restricted securities if a number of different conditions are met. Rule 144 would allow the public to re-sell restricted securities again if certain conditions were met. Rule 144 also allows the public sale of restricted stock to the public if certain condition is met.  A stock derivative is a financial instrument for which the underlying asset is the price of an equity. It is a derivative of an asset whose value is based on the value of the equity. The underlying asset in a derivative is an equity equity. Stock derivatives are a form of financial instruments that have the value attached to the value they are attached to an asset.  Futures and options are the main types of derivatives on stocks. Futures are the most types of futures and options on stocks. Futures, options and futures are the types of derivative products that are traded in the futures market. Options and futures prices are based on the value of a given commodity, such as stocks.  Underlying security may be a stock index or individual firm's stock, e.g. The underlying security may also be an index or a company's stock. The underlying stock is often a stock or an index of some of the listed companies' stock, such as those of which are listed in the market.  Single-stock futures futures.com are based on single stock prices. Single Stock Futures.com is one of the largest futures markets in the U.S. market history. The market is currently trading at $1.2 billion. The markets are expected to close at $2 billion a day.  Stock futures are contracts where the buyer is long, i.e., takes on the obligation to buy on the contract maturity date, and the seller is short. Stock futures contracts are contracts that the buyer takes on an obligation to sell on a maturity date. The buyer is either long or short, or long, and short, depending on the maturity date of the contract.  Stock index futures are generally delivered by cash settlement. The market is now trading in the form of electronic trading activity. The index futures market is based on the value of each individual individual individual stock market. FTSE futures markets are based on large-scale data and prices for individual futures contracts.  A stock option is a class of option options. Stock options are a type of stock option option. Stock option is an option option in the stock market. Options include stock options, options options and options to buy a company's stock price. Options are a form of option option to buy an option in stock options.  A call option is the right (not obligation) to buy stock in the future at a fixed price. A put option is a call option, a call is a put option. Put option is an option that allows you to sell stock in future at fixed price, not a call.  Value of a stock option changes in reaction to the underlying stock of which it is a derivative. The value of a derivative stock option is a reaction to its derivative value. A derivative derivative value changes the value of an option option in a way to determine how it reacts to an underlying stock.  The Black\u2013Scholes model is the most popular method of valuing stock options. The most popular model of value is based on Black-Scholes' model. It is used to calculate the value of stock options in the market. The model is used in the most common way to value options options.  Apart from call options granted to employees, most stock options are transferable. Most stock options given to employees are transferred to employees. Most of the options are call options and transferable stock options. The government has been criticised for not giving employees call options to employees in recent years.  During the Roman Republic, the state contracted (leased) out many of its services to private companies. The Roman Republic contracted many of the state's services out to private firms. The state contracted out many services to the private sector during the Roman republic. The government of Rome in Rome was founded in the Roman Empire in the early 1900s.  These government contractors were called publicani, or societas publicanorum as individual companies. The government contractors are known as publicani or publicani. Publicani is a group of government contractors, and publicani is publicani as individual firms. Publicanorum is a Latin Latin word for publicans and publicans.  These companies were similar to modern corporations, or joint-stock companies more specifically, in a couple of aspects. The companies were like modern corporations in a few ways, such as in the form of joint stock companies. These companies are similar to today's corporations in some ways, including in the shape of the joint stock market.  They issued shares called partes (for large cooperatives) and particulae which were small shares that acted like today's over-the-counter shares. Partes were partes, partes for large co-operatives and for small cooperatives. They were small, small shares which acted as today's share prices.  Polybius mentions that \"almost every citizen\" participated in the government leases.Polybius says that \"Almost every citizen of the Roman Empire participated in government leases\" The Roman Empire was founded in the Roman city of Rome in the 4th Century, 6th Century BC.  There is also evidence that the price of stocks fluctuated in the 1980s. There was evidence that stocks prices fluctuated by the time of the financial crisis. There were also evidence of a rise in the value of stocks in the 1930s and '50s' in the 1990s.  Cicero speaks of partes illo tempore carissimae, which means \"shares that had a very high price at that time\" The Roman orator Cicero spoke of the price of shares that had been very high at the time. Cicero also speaks of the value of a share that was worth very high.  This implies a fluctuation of price and stock market behavior in Rome. This implies an increase in the value of the Italian stock market in the future. This also implies a decrease in the price of Rome's shares in the stock market. The Italian capital's stock market has a history of fluctuating price and market behavior.  100 shares of the Soci\u00e9t\u00e9 des Moulins du Bazacle, or Bazacle Milling Company, were traded at a value that depended on the profitability of the mills the society owned. In 1288, the Bishop of V\u00e4ster\u00e5s acquired a 12.5% interest in Great Copper Mountain (Stora Kopparberget) which contained the Falun Mine.  Swedish mining and forestry products company Stora has documented a stock transfer in 1288 in exchange for an estate. The Swedish mining company has documented the transfer in return for a 1288 estate. Stora is owned by Stora, a Swedish mining firm which has a history of stock transfers.  The earliest recognized joint-stock company in modern times was the English (later British) East India Company. The company was established in 17th century by the English company of the same name, East India India Company, in 18th century. Company was established by the company in 1881.  Elizabeth I granted an English Royal Charter by Elizabeth I on 31 December 1600, with the intention of favouring trade privileges in India. The charter was intended to favour trade privileges with India. It was granted in 1600 to favour the trade in India and to encourage trade in the region.  Royal Charter effectively gave the Honourable East India Company (HEIC) a 15-year monopoly on all trade in the East Indies. The company issued the first shares that were made tradeable on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange in 1602. In 1602, the company issued first shares of the company.  Between 1602 and 1796 it traded 2.5 million tons of cargo with Asia on 4,785 ships. A million Europeans sent a million Europeans to work in Asia. It traded 2,500 tons of goods between 1602 to 1796 and sent 1 million Europeans into Asia.  A shareholder (or stockholder) is an individual or company (including a corporation) that legally owns one or more shares of stock in a joint stock company. A shareholder is a person or company that owns one of its own shares in joint stock companies. A stockholder is a shareholder or stockholder of a company or a corporation that owns more than one share of stock.  Both private and public traded companies have shareholders. Both public and private companies have a large stake in each other. Both companies are public and have shareholders in the form of shareholders. The public sector has a large part of the public sector, including the public, as well as shareholders.  Shareholders are granted special privileges depending on the class of stock. The right to vote on matters such as elections to the board of directors, the right to share in distributions of the company's income, and a right to a company's assets during a liquidation of a company. Shareholders can also purchase new shares issued by the company.  However, shareholder's rights to a company's assets are subordinate to the rights of the company's creditors. Shareholders' rights to assets subordinate to creditors' rights. Creditors' right to assets is subordinate to shareholder rights to company assets. Shareholder's rights in a company to assets must be subordinate to those of creditors.  Shareholders are one type of stakeholders, who may include anyone who has a stake in the company. Shareholders may include people who have a vested interest in the business. Shareholder is one of the types of stakeholders who may also be a stakeholder in a company that has a partner in a business. ",
  "35": " Energy storage as a service (ESaaS) allows a facility to benefit from the advantages of an energy storage system by entering into a service agreement without purchasing the system. Energy storage is a service service that can be provided by a facility without purchase of the storage system. For more information, visit www.energystorageasaaS.org.  Energy storage systems provide a range of services to generate revenue, create savings, and improve electricity resiliency. Energy storage storage systems can generate revenue and create savings. Storage systems can also generate savings and generate revenue for energy storage systems in the U.S. Energy Storage Systems provide a variety of services.  The ESaaS system is a unique combination of an advanced battery storage system, an energy management system, and a service contract. The system can deliver value to a business by providing reliable power more economically. It can be used to provide reliable power to businesses by providing them with reliable power.  Scott Foster, Energy Director of the U.N. Economic Commission for Europe, is one of the leading global advocates for energy as service. Foster is also a leading global advocate for the use of energy as a service provider. Foster has been in charge of the United Nations for Europe for more than 20 years.  He coined the term 'iEnergy' to propagate a annual/monthly subscription fee for energy, rather than the present-day commodity-led pay per kilowatt of electricity system. The term was coined to propagate the idea of a subscription fee rather than a pay-per-kilowatt system.  The term ESaaS was developed and trademarked by Constant Power Inc., a Toronto-based company, in 2016. Foster believes a service-led system would put the onus on the energy supplier to improve reliability and offer the best possible service to customers. Constant Power is the first company to trademark the term.  The service has been designed to work in the North American open electricity markets. The service is available in North America's open power markets. It was designed for the open electricity market in the U.S., Canada and Australia. It will be available in the UK and Canada's open energy markets.  Other companies offering Energy Storage-as-a-Service include GI Energy, AES Corporation, TROES Corp., Stem Inc, and Younicos. GI Energy Archived 2017-10-20 at the Wayback Machine, at the wayback machine,.  ESaaS is the combination of an energy storage system, a control and monitoring system, and a service contract. The system is a combination of energy storage, monitoring and service contracts. It is also a control, monitoring system and service contract, and an energy management system. For more information, visit ESAAS.com.  The most common energy storage systems used for ESaaS are lithium-ion or flow batteries. Other storage mediums may be used such as compressed air, flywheels, or pumped hydro. The energy storage system is non-invasive installation and non-intermittable installation.  The batteries are sized based on the facility's needs and is paired with a power inverter to convert the DC power to AC power in order to connect directly to the facility\u2019s electricity supply. The inverter converts DC power into AC power to connect the batteries to the electricity supply of the facility. ESaaS systems are remotely monitored and controlled by the ESaaS operator using a Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) system. SCADA system is used to monitor and control the systems remotely using the operator's control of the systems. ESAAS systems can be remotely monitored by the operator using the SCADA to control the system.  SCADA communicates with the facility's Energy Management System (EMS), Power Conversion System (PCS), and Battery Management System. SCADA also communicates with facility's energy management system (EMS) and power conversion system. The SCADA is controlled by a SCADA that communicates with other systems, such as the Energy Management and Power Conversion Systems.  ESaaS operator is responsible for ensuring the system is monitoring and responding to the facility\u2019s needs as well as overriding commands to participate in regional incentive programs such as coincident peak management and demand response programs in real time. The operator is also responsible for monitoring the facility's needs.  The facility benefiting from the ESaaS system is linked to the system operator through a service contract. The facility is linked with the operator through the service contract. The facility benefits from the system through a contract with the service provider. The service contract is the result of a contract between the facility and the operator of the system.  The contract specifies the length of the service term, payment structure, and list of services the facility wishes to participate in. The contract is a contract between the facility and the facility. It is signed by the owner of the facility at the end of the contract. The service term is the length, length and payment of the payment.  During times of high regional demand, Independent Service Operators/Regional Transmission Organizations offer incentives for facilities to reduce or curtail their load.ESaaS is used to perform a variety of services including:Coincident Peak Management and Peak Peak Management. It is also used to provide services such as data collection, analysis, analysis and analysis.  ESaaS allows a facility to isolate or offset their load during these high regional demand periods to decrease demand from the electricity grid to benefit from the incentives. The facility is able to offset its load during those periods to increase their demand to reduce electricity usage.ESaaS can be used to offset or offset the load of electricity from the grid during these periods.  The system is designed to work in conjunction or independent of facility curtailment. The system was designed to be able to work independently of facilities curtailment. The system works in conjunction with other facilities, such as water treatment facilities, or with facilities that are not affected by curtailment or other facilities.  Demand ResponseISOs/RTOs offer facilities payment for curtailing their energy demand when dispatched by the grid operator. Demand Response ISOs/ RTOs are offered facilities payment when they curtail their energy use. The facilities payment is part of a payment to reduce energy demand by reducing energy usage.  ESaaS allows facilities to participate in these programs by off-setting all or a portion of a facility load during a demand response occurrence.ESaaS can be used to off-set all or part of the facility load in demand response situations. The program is available to facilities in the U.S.  A facility can benefit from the incentive without interrupting their facility operation. Facility can benefit without interruption of their facility operations. Facility may benefit from incentive without interruption from facility operation. Facility can also benefit from incentives without interruption to their operation. facility operations are unaffected by the incentive.  During charging and discharging, active and reactive power may be balanced prior to supplying a facility. Power factor correction may be used to balance active and reactivity of a device. Power Factor Correction may be applied to a device in order to make it easier to charge and charge.  By balancing the amount of active and reactive power to a facility, the power factor and resulting facility electrical efficiency may be improved. The power factor is a factor of power factor, rather than a factor, in order to improve electrical efficiency of a facility. A facility's electrical efficiency can also be improved by balancing the power factors.  This improvement may reduce the facility's monthly peak demand charge. The improvement may also reduce the monthly peaks demand charge at the facility. The facility is located in a state of New York City, New York, New Jersey, New Hampshire, USA, Canada, USA. It is the first time a facility has been upgraded to meet peak demand charges.  Power QualityESaaS actively monitors electricity supply to a facility. Power Quality is monitored by the company's Power Quality Monitoring System. The system monitors the electricity supply of a facility at a facility in order to monitor the quality of power supply to the facility. It monitors electricity supplies to ensure that all facilities have the highest quality of service.  ESaaS acts as an uninterruptible power supply (UPS) to ensure uninterrupted, reliable power supply to eliminate unexpected fluctuations. In times of intermittent power supply, ESAAS can be used as a backup to the power supply of the company's servers.  Fluctuating and intermittent power affects equipment operation which may cause costly delays and defects in production. Inflating power may lead to costly delays, defects and delays in production, says the company. In intermittent power may also cause problems in equipment operations, such as malfunctioning equipment equipment.  ESaaS offers a back-up power service to continue powering all or a portion of a facility's electricity demand. Back-up Power can be used to power all or part of the facility's energy demand. If the electricity grid experiences a power outage, the service will continue to provide backup power.  ESaaS may maintain facility operation for the duration of a grid failure. Depending on the size of the installation, the facility may be able to maintain operation for a duration of the grid failure. Depending on a size of a facility, it may be possible to maintain facility operations for a period of time. ESaaS actively monitors a facility\u2019s energy profile to normalize the electricity draw from the electricity grid.Peak Shaving helps normalize a facility's energy profile. The energy profile of a facility is monitored by the ESaaS to ensure it is normalizing its electricity use.  ESaaS system stores energy when the facility demand is lower than average and discharges the stored energy when it is higher than average. System stores energy at the facility when the energy demand is low than average, discharges energy when there is high demand. System is designed to store energy at a cost of up to $1,000 per hour.  The result is a steady draw of electricity from the electricity grid and a lower monthly peak demand charge. The result of the move is the result of a steady, low-demand draw from the grid, and a steady rise in electricity prices. The move is expected to reduce the monthly demand charge by a quarter of a year.  Energy ArbitrageESaaS actively monitors local electricity spot prices to store energy when the price is low to be utilized when electricity prices are high. Energy arbitrageers store energy in the hope it can be used when prices are low or high.Energy Arbitrageers monitor local electricity prices and store energy to store it when it is low.  This is commonly referred to as arbitrage. It is commonly known to be arbitrage, or arbitrage. This is also known to have been a form of arbitrage in the past. Arbitrage is a term for arbitrage and is commonly used in arbitrage trade deals.  The net different in price results in cost savings. Net different in cost results in a net difference in price. Cost savings can be achieved in a cost-effective way to save money. The net difference between price and cost savings is a net savings of $1.5 billion.  Market Ancillary Services enables facilities to participate in the local ISO/RTO markets to provide services such as frequency regulation, operating reserve, and dispatchable generation.ESaaS enables facilities participating in the market to provide. services such a frequency regulation and operating reserve.  By participating in the local market, facilities can generate revenue through the ESaaS contract. Facilities can generate revenues through the contract. The contract is a multi-million dollar contract with a partner or business partner. For more information, visit www.msaaS.com/ESaaS. ESaaS may provide services to ease congestion and constraint on electricity transmission networks by storing energy during heavy transmission periods to be released during less congested periods. ESaaS can provide services that ease congestion on electricity\u00a0networks\u00a0by storing energy\u00a0during\u00a0heavy\u00a0transmission periods.  The use of this service can prolong the life of infrastructure and defers system upgrades. It can also be used to save infrastructure and save money for infrastructure upgrades. The service can be used in the future of infrastructure, and can be useful in the long run of service.  ESPaaS primarily benefits large energy consumers with an average demand of over 500 kW. Service may benefit smaller facilities depending on regional incentives. Service is available in markets served by large energy users with a demand of 500 kW or 500 kW, although smaller facilities may be eligible for it.  Current early adopters of ESaaS are manufacturers (chemical, electrical, lighting, metal, petrochemical, plastics), commercial (retail, large offices, medium offices, multi-residential, supermarkets), public facilities (colleges, universities, hotels, hospitality, schools), and resources (oil & extraction, pulp & paper, metals & ore, food processing, greenhouses)  To participate in an ESaaS service, the installation system benefactor does not require any capital outlay. System benefactor is not required installation capital. The installation system benefits do not require installation capital, it does not need installation capital to participate in the service. The benefits are limited to the installation of a system that does not have installation capital.  Upon installing an ESaaS service, the facility sees immediate savings and/or revenue generation. The facility will need to install the service to see immediate savings or revenue growth. The service is a free service that can be used by a facility in the event of an outage.  Initial capital is often a hurdle for facilities to adopt an energy storage system. The payback period of energy storage systems is 5\u201310 years. Most of the payback periods are between 5-10 years and 10 years. Initial capital often is a major hurdle for a storage system in most cases.  ESaaS is a contracted service that is automatically controlled by a third-party system operator. E-SaaS uses a system that is operated by an automatically controlled third party. The system is controlled by the operator of a third party, or a system operator, at a cost of $1,000.  This eliminates responsibility for the facility to allocate resources to manage their energy profile allowing them to operate their core business. The facility will no longer have responsibility to manage its energy profile. This eliminates the responsibility of the facility for managing its own energy profile and allows it to operate its core business.  System operators have knowledge of local electricity sectors that continually monitor and update system protocols as regional markets change. The system operators have. knowledge of. local electricity sector sectors that constantly monitor. updates system protocols. as regional market changes. System operators monitor, update and update protocols to ensure the system is in place.  The information is used to optimize the value realized by the ESaaS system while still meeting facility requirements. The data is used in order to meet facility requirements for the system to meet the requirements of the system. The information will be used to help optimize the use of the ESAAS system.  For most ESaaS services, energy is stored during night time, off-peak hours when energy production is created from non-carbon emitting sources. Energy is stored in the most energy efficient way possible: night time and off peak hours. Energy production can be stored during the night and energy is created during non-car emission hours.  The energy is then used to offset the required carbon emitting production during peak-times. The energy then offsets the emissions of the energy produced during peak times. The amount of energy is offsetting the carbon emissions emissions during peak time. The project is based in New York City, New York, and runs in the United States.  The load shifting capability provided by ESaaS displaces heavy emitting generation requirements. The load shift capability provides the ability to shift the load load load to meet the needs of the electricity grid. ESaaas can also be used to meet heavy emitting emissions requirements for the next generation.  ESaaS contracts may be structured as a cost sharing model or a fixed monthly price over a contracted term. The contracts are structured as cost sharing models or fixed monthly prices over a contract term. Services may be available in the U.S. at a price of up to $1,000 per month.  Cost sharing models share the economical benefits of ESaaS after they are realized by the customer. Costs are shared by the user, not the company, but by the company. ESaa's cost sharing model is based on the benefits of the customer, rather than the cost of sharing services.  Fixed price is based on potential economic benefit and applicable programs in the region of deployment. The fixed price of the contract is based upon potential economic benefits and potential programs. The contract is a multi-multi-million pound contract with the U.S. Air Force in the Middle East.  The ESaaS contract price is always less than the economic value provided by the service. The client retains a net positive value through the service, ensuring the client retains positive value. The contract price should be less than that of the service's economic value for the client. == References: References, references, articles, photos, videos, photos and videos. The author of this article has published two books, one of which have been published in the past. The book is published in New York, New York and Washington, DC, D.C., D.A. ",
  "36": " Post-quantum cryptography (PQC) is the development of cryptographic algorithms (usually public-key algorithms) that are thought to be secure against a cryptanalytic attack by a quantum computer. PQC is sometimes referred to as quantum-proof, quantum-safe or quantum-resistant.  The problem with currently popular algorithms is that their security relies on one of three hard mathematical problems: the integer factorization problem, the discrete logarithm problem or the elliptic-curve discrete logrithm problems. The problem is that current algorithms rely on solving the problem with one of these problems.  As of 2023, quantum computers lack processing power to break widely used cryptographic algorithms. Cryptographers are designing new algorithms to prepare for Q-Day, the day when current algorithms will be vulnerable to quantum computing attacks. All of these problems could be easily solved on a sufficiently powerful quantum computer running Shor's algorithm.  Their work has gained attention from academics and industry through the PQCrypto conference series hosted since 2006. The European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) and Institute for Quantum Computing have hosted several workshops on Quantum Safe Cryptography hosted by the ETSI and the Institute of Quantum Computing.  Most current symmetric cryptographic algorithms and hash functions are considered to be relatively secure against attacks by quantum computers. The rumoured existence of widespread harvest now, decrypt later programs has also been seen as a motivation for the early introduction of post-quantum algorithms. Data recorded now may still remain sensitive many years into the future.  Grover's algorithm does speed up attacks against symmetric ciphers. But doubling the key size can effectively block these attacks. Double the size of a key can also effectively block the attacks. Grover algorithm is a quantum algorithm that speeds up attacks on symmetric encryption.  Post-quantum symmetric cryptography does not need to differ significantly from current symmetric\u00a0cryptoistricty\u00a0cryptography\u00a0to be different from current\u00a0syrificary\u00a0security\u00a0cryptoracy\u00a0princicurity\u00a0by comparison. Post-Quantum\u00a0cypherial\u00a0cryptology\u00a0does not\u00a0difference\u00a0from current\u00a0cyclinging\u00a0cryptobvious\u00a0cryptographic\u00a0competition.  Post-quantum cryptography research is mostly focused on six different approaches: Lattice-based cryptography, ring learning with errors, ring-LWE and ring-learning with errors. This approach includes the older NTRU or GGH encryption schemes, and the newer NtrU signature and BLISS signatures.  Some schemes like NTRU encryption have been studied for many years without anyone finding a feasible attack on them. Some of these schemes have been looked at for years without any feasible attack. Some schemes have not been studied in the past for years and have not yet been found to be feasible.  Others like ring-LWE algorithms have proof that their security reduces to a worst-case problem. Others have proof of security that their algorithms reduce to a bad-case solution. Ring-WE algorithms are similar algorithms that reduce security to the worst case of a hacker attack.  The Post Quantum Cryptography Study Group sponsored by the European Commission suggested that the Stehle\u2013Steinfeld variant of NTRU be studied for standardization rather than standardization. The European Commission has suggested that NtrU algorithm should be studied instead of the NTRu algorithm.  At that time, NTRU was still patented. NTRu was still patentized at the time of this article. At the time, the technology was still being used in the U.S. at the height of its popularity in the 1980s and '90s.  NTRU may have more secure properties than other lattice-based algorithms. NTRu may be more secure than lattice algorithms based on lattice based algorithms. The algorithm is based on a lattice of lattice lattice algorithm. NtrU may be a better algorithm than other algorithms that have secure properties.  This includes cryptographic systems such as the Rainbow (Unbalanced Oil and Vinegar) scheme. The Rainbow scheme is based on the difficulty of solving systems of multivariate equations. This includes the Rainbow scheme based on a multivariate equation. The scheme is called the Rainbow Scheme.  Various attempts to build secure multivariate equation encryption schemes have failed. Various attempts have been made to build encryption schemes that can be used to encrypt data. These schemes have been used in the past to create secure encryption schemes for data storage and data storage. The encryption scheme is based on multivariate equations and algorithms.  Multi-signer schemes like Rainbow could provide the basis for a quantum secure digital signature. Rainbow is a multivariate signature scheme like Rainbow. It could be used to create a quantum-secure digital signature of a quantum signature. The signature scheme is based on a multi-verigged signature scheme that can be used in quantum computing.  The Rainbow Signature Scheme is patented. The Rainbow signature scheme is based on a rainbow signature scheme. The scheme was created in the 1970s and is now available in the U.S. It is available in Canada and Australia. It is the first colour scheme to be patented in the world.  This includes Lamport signatures, the Merkle signature scheme, the XMSS, the SPHINCS, and the WOTS schemes. This includes cryptographic systems such as Lamport signature schemes. The WOTS signature scheme is based on the Lamport scheme.  Hash-based digital signatures were invented in the late 1970s by Ralph Merkle. They have been studied as an interesting alternative to number-theoretic digital signatures like RSA and DSA. They were invented as an alternative to numbers-based signatures like DSA and RSA.  Their primary drawback is that for any hash-based public key, there is a limit on the number of signatures that can be signed using the corresponding set of private keys. There is also a limit limit on how many signatures a public key can sign with the corresponding private key.  This fact had reduced interest in these signatures until interest was revived due to the desire for cryptography that was resistant to attack by quantum computers. Quantum computers could attack signatures that are resistant to attacks on quantum computers, such as super-super-superfast quantum computing, in the future.  There appear to be no patents on the Merkle signature scheme. There exist many non-patented hash functions that could be used with these schemes. There are no patent patents on these schemes and there exist many other schemes that could use these schemes without patent approval.  Moni Naor and Moti Yung invented UOWHF hashing in 1989 and designed a signature based on hashing (the Naor-Yung scheme) which can be unlimited-time in use. XMSS is the first such signature that does not require trapdoor properties.  This includes cryptographic systems which rely on error-correcting codes, such as McEliece and Niederreiter encryption algorithms and the related Courtois, Finiasz and Sendrier Signature schemes. This is also known as 'code-based' cryptography.  The original McEliece signature using random Goppa codes has withstood scrutiny for over 40 years. The signature was created in the 1970s using Goppa code codes. The original signature has been scrutinized for 40 years and is still valid today. It has been used to create a signature that has been accepted by the world for more than 50 years.  Many variants of the McEliece scheme have been shown to be insecure. Many variants seek to introduce more structure into the code used in order to reduce the size of the keys. However, many variants of this scheme are also insecure. They have been described as 'insecure' and'secure'  The McEliece public key encryption system is a candidate for long term protection against attacks by quantum computers. The Post Quantum Cryptography Study Group sponsored by the European Commission has recommended the system for long-term protection against quantum attacks. The European Commission is also considering a similar system in the future.  cryptographic systems rely on the properties of isogeny graphs of elliptic curves over finite fields to create cryptographic systems. Isogeny-based cryptography is a form of cryptonymity that can be used in cryptographic systems such as cryptosystems. Cryptic systems are based on elliptic elliptic-curving elliptic curve and abelian varieties over finite field fields.  Diffie-Hellman-like key exchange CSIDH can serve as a straightforward quantum-resistant replacement for the Diffie\u2013Hellman and elliptic curve key-exchange methods that are in widespread use today. The signature scheme SQISign is based on categorical equivalence between supersingular elliptic curves and maximal orders in particular types of quaternion algebras.  Another widely noticed construction, SIDH/SIKE, was spectacularly broken in 2022. The construction will be completed in 2022, with the first phase of the project set to be completed by the end of the next year. The first phase is expected to begin in 2020, and the second phase is scheduled for 2022.  The attack is however specific to the SIDH/SIKE family of schemes. It does not generalize to other isogeny-based constructions. The attack was not generalized to other constructions such as isogenys and isogenies. It is not generalizing to other constructs such as SIDh/SIDKE.  Symmetric key cryptographic systems like AES and SNOW 3G are already resistant to attack by a quantum computer. The symmetric key encryption system is resistant to attacks by quantum computers. A quantum computer can also be attacked by a large number of large key sizes, such as a large key size.  Key management systems and protocols that use symmetric key cryptography instead of public key cryptography like Kerberos and the 3GPP Mobile Network Authentication Structure are also inherently secure against attack by a quantum computer. The key management system and protocols using symmetric keys are inherently secure.  Some researchers recommend expanded use of Kerberos-like symmetric key management as an efficient way to get post-quantum cryptography today. Given its widespread deployment in the world already, some researchers recommend expanding use of symmetric keys management as a way of getting post quantum cryptography.  In cryptography research, it is desirable to prove the equivalence of a cryptographic algorithm and a known hard mathematical problem. The equivalence is proved between the algorithm and the problem of a hard problem, such as security reductions. In cryptography, security reductions are considered to be necessary to reduce security risks.  These proofs are often called \"security reductions\" and are used to demonstrate the difficulty of cracking the encryption algorithm. They are often used to show the difficulty that cracking the algorithm is difficult to do, and are often known as \"security\u00a0reduction\u00a0proofs\u00a0reductions\u00a0and\u00a0used\u00a0to\u00a0demonstrate\u00a0the difficulty\u00a0of cracking\u00a0the algorithm.  Security of a given cryptographic algorithm is reduced to the security of a known hard problem. In other words, the security is the same as security of known hard problems. In this case, a cryptographic algorithm can be reduced to a given algorithm's security. The algorithm is based on a known problem, such as cryptographic algorithms.  Researchers are actively looking for security reductions in the prospects for post quantum cryptography. Researchers are looking at security reductions for post-quantum cryptography. They are looking to reduce the risk of quantum security by reducing quantum cryptosmasmasmasn encryption. Researchers hope to find a way to reduce quantum security in the future of quantum computing.  In some versions of Ring-LWE there is a security reduction to the shortest-vector problem (SVP) in a lattice as a lower bound on the security. Current results are given here: \"Lattice-based cryptography \u2013 Ring-lWE Signature\"  SVP is known to be NP-hard. The SVP has been known to have a hard-working SVP. It has been used in the U.S. military for more than a decade. The U.N. has been deployed in the past two decades to combat the NPVP.  Specific ring-LWE systems that have provable security reductions include a variant of Lyubashevsky's signatures defined in a paper by G\u00fcneysu, Lyubashu, and P\u00f6ppelmann. The signatures are defined in the paper G\u00fcneyu and Lyubashesky's paper.  GLYPH signature scheme is a variant of the G\u00fcneysu, Lyubashevsky, and P\u00f6ppelmann (GLP) signature. GLP signature takes into account research results that have come after the publication of GLP signatures in 2012.  Another Ring-LWE signature is Ring-TESLA. Ring LWE's signature also appears on the band's website. Ring TESLA has a similar signature on the ring ring ring. Ring-RWE has a different version of the ring-tESLA signature, Ring-LEW.  There also exists a \"derandomized variant\" of LWE, called Learning with Rounding (LWR), which yields \"improved speedup\" LWR yields improved speedup (by eliminating sampling small errors from a Gaussian-like distribution with deterministic errors) and bandwidth.  While LWE utilizes the addition of a small error to conceal the lower bits, LWR utilizes rounding for the same purpose. LWR uses rounding to conceal lower bits in order to hide lower bits from lower bits. LWE uses rounding for same purpose as LWR.  The security of the NTRU encryption scheme and the BLISS signature is believed to be related to, but not provably reducible to, the Closest Vector Problem (CVP) in a Lattice. The security is related to the CVP problem in the case of NTRu encryption scheme.  The CVP is known to be NP-hard. It is the CVP of a CVP. It was created in the 1970s. It has been known to have a hard-working CVP since then. CVP can be found to be known as NP-Hard.  The Post Quantum Cryptography Study Group sponsored by the European Commission suggested that the Stehle\u2013Steinfeld variant of NTRU which does have a security reduction be studied for long term use instead of the original algorithm. The European Commission has suggested that this variant of the algorithm should be studied instead of being used for long-term use.  Unbalanced Oil and Vinegar signature schemes are asymmetric cryptographic primitives based on multivariate polynomials over a finite field. Multivariate cryptography is a form of asymmetric primitives that is asymmetric\u00a0primitives\u00a0based\u00a0on multivariate\u00a0prelomials\u00a0over a finite\u00a0field.  Bulygin, Petzoldt and Buchmann have shown a reduction of generic multivariate quadratic UOV systems to the NP-Hard Multivariate Quadratic Equation Solving problem. They have shown that a reduction is a reduction to a reduction in generic multivariivariary UOV system.  Luis Garcia proved that there was a security reduction of Merkle Hash Tree signatures to the security of the underlying hash function. Luis Garcia proves that there is a security\u00a0reduction\u00a0to the security\u00a0of the underlying\u00a0hash function. In 2005, Luis Garcia showed that there were a security. reduction.  Garcia showed in his paper that if computationally one-way hash functions exist then the Merkle Hash Tree signature is provably secure. Garcia said that if one used a hash function with a provable reduction of security to a known hard problem one w w would be secure. ",
  "37": " Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a field at the centre of which is a 22-yard (20-metre) pitch with a wicket at each end, each comprising two bails balanced on three stumps.  The batting side scores runs by striking the ball bowled at one of the wickets with the bat. The bowling and fielding side tries to prevent this (by preventing the ball from leaving the field, and getting the ball to either wicket) and dismiss each batter (so they are \"out\")  Means of dismissal include being bowled, when the ball hits the stumps and dislodges the bails. fielding side either catching the ball after it is hit by the bat, or hitting a wicket with the ball before a batter can cross the crease in front of the wicket.  When ten batters have been dismissed, the innings ends and the teams swap roles. The innings ends when the teams' batting roles are switched on at the end of the innings. When ten batsmen are dismissed, they are dismissed and the innings finishes when ten are dismissed.  The game is adjudicated by two umpires, aided by a third umpire and match referee in international matches. The match is played between the teams' national teams and international teams. The umpire is the only umpire in an international match, and a match referee is the match referee.  They communicate with two off-field scorers who record the match's statistical information. The team communicates with two of the players and communicate with each other. They also communicate with the team's statistician who records the game's statistics. They record the results of the match in order to keep up with the official statistics.  Test matches are played over five days, with each team batting for a single innings of 20 overs. The game generally lasts three to four hours, with the game generally lasting 3 to 4 hours. Each \"over\" is a set of 6 fair opportunities for the batting team to score.  In limited overs cricket, cricketers wear club or team colours. All-white kit is worn by players in all-white kits, but in limited overs they wear club colours. Cricketers often wear club and team colours for limited overs matches. The colour of the kit is the same as the colour of a cricket shirt.  In addition to the basic kit, some players wear protective gear to prevent injury caused by the ball. The ball is a hard, solid spheroid made of compressed leather with a slightly raised sewn seam enclosing a cork core, layered with tightly wound string.  The earliest known definite reference to cricket is to it being played in South East England in the mid-16th century. Cricket is played in the South East of England. Cricket was first played in England in 16th century, and cricket is now considered a form of cricket.  The first international matches were played in the second half of the 19th century. It spread globally with the expansion of the British Empire, with the first international games in the first half of that century. First international matches took place in the early 20th century, with first being played in London.  The game's governing body is the International Cricket Council (ICC), which has over 100 members, twelve of which are full members who play Test matches. The ICC has twelve full members of the Test cricket team, twelve who play in Test matches, and over 100 full members. Cricket is the world's most important cricketing body, the ICC, and the ICC is the governing body.  The Laws of Cricket are maintained by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) in London. The laws of cricket are set up by MCC in London and maintained by the MCC. MCC's Laws are based on cricket's Laws, which are published by the Maryleban Cricket Club.  The sport is followed primarily in South Asia, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Southern Africa and the West Indies. Women's cricket, which is organised and played separately, has also achieved international standard. It is played separately in the U.S. and Australia.  Australia has won eight One Day International trophies, including six World Cups. Australia has been the top-rated Test side more than any other country. The most successful side playing international cricket is Australia. Australia have won eight ODI trophies, six World Cup trophies and one Test World Cup.  Cricket is one of many games in the \"club ball\" sphere that basically involve hitting a ball with a hand-held implement. Others include golf, hockey, tennis, squash, badminton and table tennis. Baseball shares many similarities with cricket, both belonging in the more specific bat-and-ball games category.  A key difference is the existence of a solid target structure, the wicket, that the batter must defend. The wicket was originally thought to be a \"wicket gate\" through which sheep were herded. In cricket's case, a wicket gate is thought to have been a gate for sheep herding.  The cricket historian Harry Altham identified three \"groups\" of \"club ball\" games: the \"hockey group\", the \"golf group\", in which the ball is driven towards an undefended target (the hole) and the \"cricket group\" cricket originated as a children's game in the south-eastern England.  The earliest definite reference to cricket being played comes from evidence given at a court case in Guildford in January 1597 (Old Style, equating to January 1598 in the modern calendar) There are claims for prior dates, but there are claims that cricket was played prior to 1597.  The case concerned ownership of a certain plot of land. The court heard the testimony of a 59-year-old coroner, John Derrick, who gave witness that:Being a scholler in the ffree schoole of Guldeford hee and diverse of his fellows did runne and play there at creckett.  Given Derrick's age, it was about half a century earlier when he was at school. It is certain that cricket was being played c.\u20091550 by boys in Surrey. Cricket was played in Surrey by boys around the age of 1550, according to Derrick.  The Old English word \"cryce\" (or \"cricc) means a crutch or staff. Randle Cotgrave's 1611 English-French dictionary defines the noun \"crosse\" as \"the crooked staff wherewith boys play at cricket\" and the verb form \"crosser\" is \"to play at cricketer\"  In Samuel Johnson's Dictionary, he derived cricket from \"cryce, Saxon, a stick\" in his Dictionary of Sports. He derived the word cricket from the word 'cryce' and \"Saxon a stick' in his dictionary. In his Dictionary, Johnson derived cricket as a result of the word \"crycce\"  In Old French, the word \"criquet\" seems to have meant a kind of club or stick. In French, it means \"crierquet\" or \"club\" in the name of a type of stick or club. In English, a criquet means a club or a stick, or a club.  Given the strong medieval trade connections between south-east England and the County of Flanders, the name may have been derived from the Middle Dutch (in use in Flanders at the time) \"krick\"(-e), meaning a stick (crook) The name may be derived from Middle Dutch in Middle Dutch.  Another possible source is the Middle Dutch word \"krickstoel\", meaning a long low stool used for kneeling in church and which resembled the long low wicket with two stumps used in early cricket. The word was also used in Middle Dutch and Middle Dutch.  \"Cricket\" derives from the Middle Dutch phrase for hockey, met de (krik ket)sen (i.e., \"with the stick chase\") \"Cricket\" is a popular cricketing slang phrase in Middle Dutch. The phrase means \"cricket\", or cricketing.  Gillmeister has suggested that not only the name but also the name of the sport itself may be of Flemish origin. The sport may also be of the same origin as the name and the sport may have been Flemisch origin. Gillmister has also suggested that the name may be related to the sport's origin.  North American variant of cricket known as wicket retained many of these aspects. North American version of cricket retained many aspects of wicket cricket. Early form of cricket differed from the modern game in certain key technical aspects; the North American wicket retains these aspects of cricket.  The ball was bowled underarm by the bowler and along the ground towards a batter armed with a bat that in shape resembled a hockey stick. The batter defended a low, two-stump wicket; and runs were called notches because the scorers recorded them by notching tally sticks.  They were fined 12d each and ordered to do penance. They were also ordered to pay a fine of 12d. They had been ordered to be punished for their part in the crime. The pair were also fined a further 12d of their punishment for their actions.  This is the earliest mention of adult participation in cricket and it was around the same time that the earliest known organised inter-parish or village match was played \u2013 at Chevening, Kent. This is around the time when it was played at Cheavening, and it is the first known organised cricket match in the country.  In 1624, a player called Jasper Vinall died after he was accidentally struck on the head during a match between two parish teams in Sussex. Cricket remained a low-key local pursuit for much of the 17th century. The match took place in Sussex in 1624.  It is known, through numerous references found in the records of ecclesiastical court cases, to have been proscribed at times by the Puritans before and during the Commonwealth. It is also known to be proscribed by Puritans during and after the Commonwealth period of 16th century.  There was a \"great upsurge of sport after the Restoration\" in 1660. The Puritans considered cricket to be \"profane\" if played on the Sabbath, especially if large crowds or gambling were involved. The problem was nearly always the issue of Sunday play.  Several members of the court of King Charles II took a strong interest in cricket during that era. The court was also interested in cricket at the time of the reign of Charles II. Charles II was a member of the King's court in the early years of his reign.  Parliament passed the 1664 Gambling Act limiting stakes to \u00a3100 which was a colossal sum exceeding the annual income of 99% of the population. Gambling on sport became a problem significant enough for Parliament to pass the act. The Act was passed in 1664, limiting stakes at \u00a3100.  Cricket was perceived to be a gambling sport. Horse racing, prizefighting and other types of blood sport were also seen as gambling. Cricket was seen as a gambling game in the early 1900s. Cricket is now a popular cricketinging sport in Australia and Australia.  Rich patrons made matches for high stakes, forming teams in which they engaged the first professional players. Rich patrons formed teams, formed teams which engaged professional players. Rich patrons played for stakes in high stakes matches. They formed teams to engage professional players in their matches. The first professional professional players were born in the United States.  Cricket was already being taken abroad by English mariners and colonisers. The earliest reference to cricket overseas is dated 1676. By the end of the century, cricket had developed into a major sport that was spreading throughout England. Cricket is now a major international sport that is spreading throughout the country.  A 1697 newspaper report survives of \"a great cricket match\" played in Sussex \"for fifty guineas apiece\" This is the earliest known contest that is generally considered a First Class match. The patrons, and other players from the social class known as the \"gentry\", began to classify themselves as \"amateurs\" to establish a clear distinction from the professionals.  The gentry exerted their honour code of noblesse oblige to claim rights of leadership in any sporting contests they took part in, especially as it was necessary for them to play alongside their \"social inferiors\" if they were to win their bets. High-ranking nobles such as the Dukes of Richmond were required to take part in contests.  The typical amateur who played in first-class cricket, until 1962 when amateurism was abolished, was someone with a public school education who had then gone to one of Cambridge or Oxford University. Society insisted that such people were \"officers and gentlemen\" whose destiny was to provide leadership.  The term \"shamateur\" was coined to describe the practice of amateur cricketing amateurs claiming expenses for playing while their professional counterpart played under contract and was paid a wage or match fee. In practice, many amateurs claimed more than actual expenditure and the derisive term was coined.  The game underwent major development in the 18th century to become England's national sport. English cricket was England's first national sport in 18th and 19th centuries. The game was developed in the early 1800s to become the national sport of England. It is now England's most famous cricket game.  Its success was underwritten by the twin necessities of its success. Its success is underwritten in the form of its twin necessities, such as water and electricity. It was the first of its kind in the history of the world's most famous and most successful sports teams, including the Beatles. ",
  "38": " A virtual community is a social work of individuals who connect through specific social media. Virtual communities cross geographical and political boundaries in order to pursue mutual interests or goals. A virtual social work is the work of people who connect via social media to pursue their interests or interests. Virtual community is the result of a virtual community of people working together.  Some of the most pervasive virtual communities are online communities operating under social networking services. Virtual communities operate under the guise of virtual communities. Some of these virtual communities have been operating under the name of social networking sites such as Facebook, Twitter and Facebook. Some communities are operating under services such as social networking networks.  Howard Rheingold discussed virtual communities in his book, The Virtual Community, published in 1993. The Virtual Communities is a virtual community of people living together in virtual communities. Howard's book was published by Rheingsold in 1993, and was published in 1994, and has since been published.  The book's discussion ranges from Rheingold's adventures on The WELL to computer-mediated communication, social groups and information science. The book is written in Germany and Austria. The WEll is published by Simon Cowell, a German-born journalist and author of the WELL.  Technologies cited include Usene8t, MUDs (Multi-User Dungeon) and their derivatives MUSHes and MOOs, Internet Relay Chat (IRC) Chat rooms and electronic mailing lists are also cited. MUSHs and Moos are among the technologies cited.  Rheingold also points out the potential benefits for personal psychological well-being, as well as for society at large, of belonging to a virtual community. He says there are also potential benefits of the virtual community for individuals and for society as well. The virtual community can be found on Facebook, Twitter and Facebook.  Virtual communities all encourage interaction, sometimes focusing around a particular interest or just to communicate. At the same time, it showed that job engagement positively influences virtual communities of practice engagement. Virtual communities also encourage interaction with each other, sometimes to focus on particular interests or just communication.  Some virtual communities do both virtual communities. Virtual communities have virtual communities in the U.S. communities. Virtual communities are virtual communities that have virtual members of the public. Virtual Communities are virtual virtual communities with virtual communities.Virtual Communities are a virtual community of virtual communities, virtual communities can be a virtual reality community.  Community members are allowed to interact over a shared passion through various means. Message boards, chat rooms, social networking World Wide Web sites, or virtual worlds. Community members interact over shared passion using various means: message boards,. chat rooms or. social networking sites,. World Wide. Web sites. or virtual world.  Members usually become attached to the community world, logging in and out on sites all day every day, which can certainly become an addiction. Members usually log in to their sites to stay connected to the world of their communities. Members often log in all day and out of the sites all the time, which is a social network addiction.  The traditional definition of a community is of a geographically circumscribed entity (neighborhoods, villages, etc. etc.) Traditional definition of community is a geographic circumscribed community. The community is defined as a community of people living within a geographic area. The definition of the community is that it is a community that is located within a geographical area, rather than within a village.  Virtual communities are usually dispersed geographically, and therefore are not communities under the original definition of virtual communities. Virtual communities usually are dispersed geographically and therefore do not constitute communities.Virtual communities are often dispersed geographically - and therefore not communities in the traditional definition of community. Virtual community communities are most likely to be dispersed geographically in the United States.  Some online communities are linked geographically, and are known as community websites. Communities are linked to each other and are often linked to other communities. Community websites are often known as 'community websites' and 'community forums' Communities are often located in the same geographic area as other communities in the world.  Virtual communities possess boundaries between their members and non-members. A virtual community is certainly a community. Virtual communities are communities that possess boundaries of some sort between members, non-member members. Virtual community is a virtual community of sorts, with boundaries between members and members of the community.  Virtual communities resemble real life communities in the sense that they provide support, information, friendship and acceptance between strangers. Virtual communities provide support and information between strangers in a virtual community. Virtual Communities are similar to real communities in terms of support and acceptance. Virtual worlds are virtual communities that provide support for each other and support each other.  Being in a virtual community space you may be expected to feel a sense of belonging and a mutual attachment among the members that are in your space. You may also expect to feel an attachment among those in your community space. Being in virtual community spaces is expected to be an important part of the experience.  Virtual communities have the opportunity to communicate through several media platforms or networks. Virtual communities are the most influential part of the virtual community. Virtual community is a social network that allows people to communicate with each other through multiple media platforms and networks. Virtual communities can be a part of a virtual community of people who want to be part of it.  Virtual communities leveraged out the things we once did prior to virtual communities, such as postal services, fax machines, and even speaking on the telephone. Now that virtual communities exists, this leverages out some of the things people once did before virtual communities such as fax machines and postal services.  Early research into the existence of media-based communities was concerned with the nature of reality, whether communities actually could exist through the media. Virtual community research could place virtual community research in the social sciences definition of ontology. Virtual communities could be incorporated into the definition of the social science definition of 'ontology'  Scholars associated with the Royal Society of London formed a community through the exchange of letters in the seventeenth century. The letters were exchanged between scholars of the society. The society was formed through the letters exchanged by scholars of science and art. The Society of the Londoners exchanged letters between 16th century and 17th century.  \"Community without propinquity\" coined by urban planner Melvin Webber in 1963 and \"community liberated\" analyzed by Barry Wellman in 1979 began the modern era of thinking about non-local community. \"Community liberated\" was analyzed in 1979 by Wellman and coined by Barry Webber.  Benedict Anderson's Imagined Communities in 1983, described how different technologies, such as national newspapers, contributed to the development of national and regional consciousness among early nation-states. In 1983, Benedict Anderson described how national newspapers helped develop national consciousness in the early 20th century.  Some authors that built their theories on Anderson's Imagined communities have been critical of the concept. They claim that all communities are based on communication and that virtual/real dichotomy is disintegrating. Some authors have claimed that virtual communities are becoming more and more virtual communities. Others have said that the word \"virtual\" is obsolete or even obsolete.  Virtual communities are used for a variety of social and professional groups. Interaction between community members vary from personal to purely formal. Virtual communities can be used in a range of ways to interact with each other. Virtual Communities are used to create a virtual world of virtual communities.  For example, an email distribution list could serve as a personal means of communicating with family and friends. It could also be used formally to coordinate with coworkers. Email distribution lists can be used to communicate with family, friends and coworkers, and for formal communication purposes, experts say.  User experience is the ultimate goal for the program or software used by an internet community. User experience will determine the software's success, and the user experience of the software is a key to its success. Users experience testing to determine social codes is necessary for the software to be successful.  Software for social media pages or virtual communities is structured around the users\u2019 experience and designed specifically for online use. The software for social networks is structured specifically for the users' experience. For example, the software for virtual communities can be built around the user\u2019s experience.  User experience testing is used to reveal something about the personal experience of the human being using a product or system. It is used in testing to reveal the personal experiences of a user using a system or product. Users can test their own experience of using a new system or system using it.  When testing user experience in a software interface, three main characteristics are needed: a user who is engaged, a user is interacting with a product or interface, and defining the users\u2019 experience in ways that are observable or measurable. A user is engaged and defines the experience in terms of how it is perceived by others.  User experience metrics are based on a reliability and repeatability, using a consistent set of measurements to result in comparable outcomes. The user experience metric is based on reliability, repeatability and reliability. Users are encouraged to use the metrics to make sure their experience is reliable and repeatable.  User experience metrics are based on user retention, using a consistent set of measurements to collect data on user experience. User retention is based on a consistent number of measurements, such as user retention and user satisfaction. User satisfaction is a key component of the user experience experience experience in the user lifetime of a user lifetime.  The widespread use of the Internet and virtual communities by millions of diverse users for socializing is a phenomenon that raises new issues for researchers and developers. The Internet is a social network that raises issues for developers, including how to use it in a virtual world. The social network is a network of people who use the Internet to socialize and interact.  The vast number and diversity of individuals participating in virtual communities worldwide makes it a challenge to test usability across platforms to ensure the best overall user experience. The vast. number of people participating in. virtual communities around the world is a challenge for the best user experience across platforms.  Some well-established measures applied to the usability framework for online communities are speed of learning, productivity, user satisfaction, and how much people remember using the software. Some measures include productivity, productivity and user satisfaction. Users remember using software and how many errors they make using it.  The human computer interactions that are measured during a usability experience test focus on individuals rather than their social interactions in the online community. The tests focus on the individuals rather on the social interaction in an online community, rather than the social interactions of the computer users. The results of the usability experience tests are based on the interaction of the user with the computer.  The success of online communities depend on the integration of usability and social semiotics. The success in online communities depends on the ability to integrate usability and semiotics in the user-friendly way of interacting with each other. The ability to interact with online communities is a key to the success of these communities, say experts.  Usability testing metrics can be used to determine social codes by evaluating a user's habits when interacting with a program. Usability test metrics can also be used by users to identify social behavior patterns in a computer program. For example, the social behavior of a user in a program can be compared to a person who has interacted with a computer.  Social codes are established and reinforced by the regular repetition of behavioral patterns. Social codes were established by repetition of social patterns in the social world. The social codes are reinforced by social patterns, such as repetition of patterns and repetition of behavior patterns, are established by social codes.  People communicate their social identities or culture code through the work they do, the way they talk, the clothes they wear, their eating habits, the eating habits and possessions, and use of leisure time. People communicate social identities through their work and lifestyle choices, such as their work, clothes and habits.  Usability testing metrics can be used to determine social codes by evaluating a user's habits when interacting with a program. The information provided during a usability test can determine demographic factors and help define the semiotic social code. Usability tests can determine demographics and help to define the social codes.  Dialogue and social interactions, support information design, navigation support, and accessibility are integral components specific to online communities. Information design, information design and navigation support are important components of online communities, such as dialogue and social interaction, and information design. Accessibility is an important part of the online community's experience.  As virtual communities grow, so do the diversity of their users, virtual communities are diverse. Virtual communities are growing in popularity across the globe. Virtual Communities are growing as virtual communities spread across the world, creating more and more virtual communities. Virtual Spaces is a virtual world of virtual communities, with over 1,000 members of the world's largest online community.  The technologies are not made to be any more or less intuitive. However, the technology is not more or more intuitive. The technology is designed to be more intuitive and more intuitive than ever before. It is not always easy to use, however, to use the technology to make it easier to use.  Usability tests can ensure users are communicating effectively using social and semiotic codes while maintaining their social identities. Usability testing can help users communicate effectively with semiotic and social codes. Users can use the social codes to communicate with each other and maintain their identities, experts say.  Efficient communication requires a common set of signs in the minds of those seeking to communicate. The signs of communication should be common in the eyes of the user. The sign language is a common language used to communicate with the user, not just to communicate, but also a common symbol.  As technologies evolve and mature, they tend to be used by an increasingly diverse set of users. As technology mature, it is used by a diverse group of users, say experts. As a result, the use of these technologies is becoming more diverse, they are used by more diverse users.  This kind of increasing complexity and evolution of technology doesn't necessarily mean that the technologies are becoming easier to use. The technology is becoming more complex and more complex than ever before, according to the author of the book, which was published on Monday, at the end of the year.  Usability testing in virtual communities can ensure users communicate effectively through social and semiotic codes and maintenance of social realities and identities.Usability testing can also help users maintain their identities and maintain their social realities, identities, according to the author of the book, \"Virtual Communities\"  Concerns with virtual community's tendency to promote less socializing include: verbal aggression and inhibitions, promotion of suicide and issues with privacy. Concerns include verbal aggression, inhibitions and suicide. On health: Virtual community's effect on mental health is similar to a virtual community.  Studies regarding the health effects of these communities did not show any negative effects. However, studies on the health of the communities have shown no negative effects on the environment. The health effects were not shown to be negative, however, according to studies on these communities. The communities are located in the U.S. and Canada.  Recent studies have looked into development of health related communities and their impact on those already suffering health issues. There was a high drop-out rate of participants in the study. The study was carried out in a bid to improve the health of people in need of better health systems.  These forms of social networks allow for open conversation between individuals who are going through similar experiences, whether themselves or in their family. Social networks allow people to connect with others who have gone through similar situations in similar situations to each other, such as themselves or their family, to be able to find each other.  Health care providers form groups for their patients by providing web areas where one may direct questions to doctors. Such sites have so grown in popularity that many health care providers have formed groups for patients. Such groups have grown so popular that many doctors now form groups to help patients with questions.  These sites prove especially useful when related to rare medical conditions. These sites are often used to help people with rare conditions such as rare conditions. They are often useful when dealing with rare medical issues such as cancer and rare birth defects. These medical sites can be helpful to those in need of medical professionals.  People with rare or debilitating disorders may not be able to access support groups in their physical community, thus online communities act as primary means for such support. Online communities are a primary means of support for people with such disorders. Online support groups are also a primary way to support people with rare disorders.  Online health communities can serve as supportive outlets as they facilitate connecting with others who truly understand the disease. They can also offer practical support, such as receiving help in adjusting to life with the disease, as well as support from others who understand it. Online health forums can help people cope with life with a condition.  Each patient on online health communities are on there for different reasons, as some may need quick answers to questions they have, or someone to talk to. Involvement in social communities of similar health interests has created a means for patients to develop a better understanding and behavior towards treatment and health practices.  Some of these users could have very serious life-threatening issues which these personal contexts could become very helpful to these users, as the issues are very complex. Some of the issues could be very complex, as they are complex, such as the complex nature of these issues.  Patients increasingly use such outlets, as this is providing personalized and emotional support and information, that will help them and have a better experience.Patients increasingly use these outlets as this provides personalized and. emotional support for them, as well as providing personalized. support and. information.  The extent to which these practices have effects on health is still being studied. The extent of these practices are still to be studied in the U.S. It is unclear whether they are harmful to the health of those who take them to the same place in the world.  Studies on health networks have mostly been conducted on groups which typically suffer the most from extreme forms of  diseases. For example cancer patients, HIV patients, or patients with other life-threatening diseases, such as HIV patients or cancer patients. Patients with such extreme diseases include HIV patients and cancer patients with advanced forms of cancer.  It is general knowledge that one participates in online communities to interact with society and develop relationships. It is also known that online communities are social networking sites. Online communities are a way of interacting with society, and social networking is a way to develop relationships and interact with people online. Individuals who suffer from mental health issues include those who suffer in the U.S. Individuals who have a history of mental health problems are often more likely to suffer. Individuals who suffer are also known to suffer from depression and anxiety disorders. Individuals with mental health difficulties are encouraged to take part in the process. ",
  "39": " A credit score is a numerical expression based on a level analysis of a person's credit files. It is used to represent the creditworthiness of an individual. Credit scores are based on an analysis of credit files to determine creditworthiness. A credit\u00a0score is based on credit\u00a0scoring\u00a0to represent an individual's credit\u00a0worthiness.  A credit score is primarily based on a credit report, information typically sourced from credit bureaus. Lenders use credit scores to evaluate the potential risk posed by lending money to consumers and to mitigate losses due to bad debt. Credit scores are used by banks and credit card companies.  Lenders use credit scores to determine who qualifies for a loan, at what interest rate, and what credit limits. Credit scores are used to determine whether you qualify for a credit card or a mortgage. Credit score is a key factor in determining who gets a loan and how much credit is available.  Lenders also use credit scores to determine which customers are likely to bring in the most revenue. Credit scores are used to determine how much money is spent on a customer. Lenders use the scores to decide which customers they want to spend more money on them. The scores are based on a credit score of credit worth $1,000 per person.  Credit scoring is not limited to banks, it's not just banks. Credit scoring has been a long-running tradition in the U.S. Credit scoring can be done at banks, but it's also a long way to score credit cards. It's not the first time it's been applied to credit cards in the United States.  Other organizations, such as mobile phone companies, insurance companies, landlords, and government departments employ the same techniques. The techniques are used by mobile phone and insurance companies and other organizations such as landlords, mobile phone firms, government departments, and other government departments use the same technique.  Digital finance companies such as online lenders use alternative data sources to calculate the creditworthiness of borrowers. Alternative data sources are also used to calculate borrowers' creditworthiness. Online lenders also use data sources such as credit data from alternative sources to assess borrowers' riskiness. Digital finance firms such as internet lenders use data to calculate creditworthiness, say experts.  In Australia, credit scoring is widely accepted as the primary method of assessing creditworthiness. Australia is the most populous country in the world. Credit scoring is the primary way to assess creditworthiness in Australia. Australia has the highest credit score rate in Australia and Australia has one of the highest rates of credit insurance.  Credit scoring is used not only to determine whether credit should be approved to an applicant, but for credit scoring in the setting of credit limits on credit or store cards. Credit scoring can be used in behavioral modelling such as collections scoring, and also in the pre-approval of additional credit to a company's existing client base.  Logistic (or non-linear) probability modelling is still the most popular means by which to develop scorecards. Other methods offer powerful alternatives, including MARS, CART, CHAID, and random forests, such as MARS and CART. MARS is the most commonly used method to develop a scorecard.  Veda Advantage, the main provider of credit file data, provided only negative credit reporting system. Prior to 12 March 2014 Veda had only provided information on applications for credit and adverse listings indicating a default under a credit contract. The system was used to provide information about applications and adverse credit listings.  Veda was acquired by Equifax in Feb 2016, making Equifax the largest credit agency in Australia. With the introduction of positive reporting, lending companies have begun an uptake of its usage with some implementing risk based pricing to set lending rates. Equifax is now the largest Australian credit agency.  In Austria, credit scoring is done as a blacklist. Austria is one of the countries with the highest credit scorers in the world. Austria's credit scoring system is based on blacklisted data, rather than blacklisted. Austria has the highest number of credit card holders in the country.  Consumers who did not pay bills end up on the blacklists that are held by different credit bureaus. Consumers who didn't pay their bills are on blacklists held by the credit bureau. Credit card blacklists can be held by credit card companies and credit card providers.  Having an entry on the black list may result in the denial of contracts. The black list can also be used to deny contracts to be denied. The list is a black list of countries that have blacked out of contracts by failing to appear on the list of blacked countries.  Certain enterprises including telecom carriers use the list on a regular basis. The list is used by companies such as telecom carriers including telecom firms such as Tel Tel Tel America and Tel America. It is also used by telecom carriers such as the U.S. government agencies such as Google and Facebook.  Banks also use these lists, but rather inquire about security and income when considering loans. The list is used by banks, but not banks, to inquire about income security. The lists are used to help people apply for loans to pay for their mortgages and other expenses, such as food and housing.  Several agencies and credit bureaus provide credit scoring of consumers. Credit scoring agencies provide credit scores to consumers. The list also includes credit card agencies, credit card burears and credit card providers. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org.  According to the Austrian Data Protection Act, consumers must opt-in for the use of their private data for any purpose. Consumers must opt in to opt out for the privacy of their data, according to the law. Austria's data protection law states that all data is private and personal information is private.  Consumers can withhold permission to use the data later, making it illegal for any further distribution or use of the collected data. Consumers can also withhold permission for use of data, making illegal any further use of it. The data will be collected by the end of the year and will be released to the public.  Consumers also have the right to receive a free copy of all data held by credit bureaus once a year. Consumers can also get a free credit card card from credit card company once a month. Credit card companies are also offering customers a free access to credit card details. Wrong or unlawfully collected data must be deleted or corrected. Data must be removed or corrected from the system. The data is collected on behalf of the owner of the company. The company is responsible for the majority of all data collected by the owner or owner of all the data.  Credit scoring is relatively new in Brazil. Brazil is one of the most populous countries in the world. Credit scoring has never been used in Brazil's football history. Brazil has a history of credit scoring, but it is still a relatively new thing to do with credit scoring.  Previously, credit reporting was done as a blacklist and each lender used to assess potential borrowers on their own criteria. Each lender assessed potential borrowers based on criteria. Credit reporting is now done as credit reporting as a blacklisted list of potential borrowers. The system is now being rolled out across the world.  System of credit reports and scores in Brazil is very similar to that in the U.S. Nowadays, the system of credit scores and scores is similar in Brazil to that of the United States. Brazil's credit system is similar to the system used in the US.  A credit score is a number based on a statistical analysis of a person's credit information. It represents the creditworthiness of that person. It is based on an analysis of credit information to determine the credit worth of a credit card holder. The credit score represents a person with a credit score.  Credit analysis aims to verify the likelihood that people will pay their bills. It is the most important tool used by financial institutions during a credit analysis. It aims to assist the decision-making process of granting credit and conducting business, in order to verify people's willingness to pay bills.  A credit score is primarily based on credit report information, typically from one of the three major credit bureaus: Serasa Experian, Boa Vista (previously Equifax do Brasil) and SPC Brasil. There are different methods of calculating credit scores in Brazil.  In general, scores range from 0 to 1000 indicating what is the chance of a certain profile of consumers paying their bills on time in the next 12 months. The scores are based on a number of people who have not paid their bills in the last 12 months on time.  The score is calculated from several factors, but practically it analyzes a person's trajectory as a consumer. The score includes up to date payments of bills, history of negative debts, financial relationships with companies and updated personal data on credit protection agencies such as Serasa Experian, Boa Vista and SPC.  The system of credit reports and scores in Canada is very similar to that in the U.S. and India. Equifax and TransUnion are two of the same reporting agencies active in the country. Canada's credit system is similar to the United States and India's.  Experian, which entered the Canadian market with the purchase of Northern Credit Bureaus in 2008, announced the closing of its Canadian operations as of 18 April 2009. Experian entered Canada in 2008. The closing of Experian's Canadian operations was announced in April 2009.  There are some key differences between the two sides of the line. There are also differences in the two countries' countries' nationalities. The U.S. is the most populous country in the world, but the U.N. has never been in touch with the world's most populous.  In Canada, a consumer may order a free copy of their credit report any number of times in a year, as long as the request is made in writing. In the U.S., a consumer is allowed only one free credit report a year. The consumer can order a printed copy of the credit report to be delivered by mail.  Borrowell and CreditKarma offers free credit report and credit check. This request by the consumer is noted in the credit report as a'soft inquiry' so it has no effect on their credit score. Credit report request is noted as a soft inquiry, so it does not affect their credit scores.  Equifax Beacon scores range from 300 to 900. Equifax's ScorePower Report is based on the score of 300-900. Scores range from between 300 and 900 on the Equifax Beaconsfield Beacon scores. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.  Trans Union Emperica scores range from 300 to 900. Empericas scores range between 300 and 900. Trans Union scores range in between 300-900. The organization is based in Washington, D.C., Washington, DC, and New York City, DC-area.  The Government of Canada offers a free publication called Understanding Your Credit Report. The report is available on the government's website, which includes a free version of your credit report. It is available in the U.S. and Canada for information about your credit history and your credit card details.  This publication provides sample credit report and credit score documents, with explanations of the notations and codes that are used. It also provides explanations of each document's notational and credit report's use of the codes used to make it appear that credit reports are accurate and that credit scores are accurate.  It contains general information on how to build or improve credit history. It also contains information about how to check for signs that identity theft has occurred. Check for signs of identity theft, and how to make sure you have a good credit card history. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 909090 or visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.  The publication is available online at the Financial Consumer Agency of Canada. The publication of the publication is published by the agency's website. It is available at the website of the agency, which includes the National Institute for Economic Development Canada and the Canadian Bureau of Economic Development Research Canada.  Paper copies can also be ordered at no charge for residents of Canada. Paper copies of the book can be ordered for no charge at all from the U.S. and Canada. The book is available in paperback and hard-sellers' hard-copies are also available in hard-back versions.  Private companies have developed credit score systems such as Sesame Credit (which is provided by Alibaba affiliate Ant Financial) and Tencent Credit. China's credit score system has been developed by private companies such as Ant Financial and Sesame credit. China is one of the fastest-growing economies in the world.  Credit scoring is widely used in Denmark by the banks and a number of private companies within telco and others. Denmark's credit scoring system is also widely used by banks and some private companies. Denmark is one of the world's most populous countries with a credit score system.  The credit scoring is split in two: The probability of defaulting and the probability of bankruptcy. For privates, the credit score is always made by the creditor. For private companies, the risk of default is higher than the default rate. For businesses, the likelihood of bankruptcy is higher.  For businesses it is either made by the creditor or by a third party. For businesses, it is made by a creditor or a third-party to make the payment. For more information, contact the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.  Business credit score is a direct representation of a company's creditworthiness. A business credit score can be used to assess creditworthiness of a business. A company can earn a credit score of up to $1,000 from a company with a score of 0.5%.  Credit scorecards in Denmark are mainly based on information provided by the applicant and publicly available data. There are a few companies who have specialized in developing credit scorecards. The credit scorecard is a generic rating for business and generic rating system for business. It is based on data provided by applicant and public data.  It is very restricted by legislation compared to its neighbouring countries. It is a very restricted country compared to neighbouring countries. It is also very restrictive by legislation. The country is very small in terms of its own laws, with many restrictions on its own citizens' freedom of expression.  In Germany, credit scoring is widely accepted as the primary method of assessing creditworthiness. Credit scoring is the primary way to assess creditworthiness in Germany. Credit scores are widely accepted in Germany as a primary indicator of credit worth worth $1.5 billion per person. Germany is one of the world's most developed countries with credit scoring.  Credit scoring is used not only to determine whether credit should be approved to an applicant, but for credit scoring in the setting of credit limits on credit or store cards. Credit scoring can be used in behavioral modelling such as collections scoring, and also in the pre-approval of additional credit to a company's existing client base.  Consumers have the right to receive a free copy of all data held by credit bureaus once a year. Consumers can also receive free copies of credit card data from credit card companies once a month. Credit card companies are required to provide a free credit card statement each year.  Schufa, the main provider of credit file data, provides scores for about three-quarters of the German population. At present it is the biggest provider of data for the country's credit file file data. The company is based in Germany and provides scores to about three quarters of the population.  In India, there are four credit information companies licensed by the Reserve Bank of India. There are four companies licensed to provide information on credit cards. The information companies are based in India and are licensed by India's central bank. India's credit information company is one of the world's largest in India.  The Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited (CIBIL) has functioned as a Credit Information Company from January 2001. CIBIL is a credit information company that provides credit information to credit card holders.CIBIL was established in January 2001 by the Credit Bureau of India.  Experian, Equifax and CRIF High Mark were given licenses by Reserve Bank of India to operate as Credit Information Companies in India. In 2010, Experian and Equifax received licenses to operate in India as credit information companies. The licenses were granted to Equifax, CRIF and Experian in 2010.  Transunion bought CIBIL. Transunion buy CIBIL from Transunion. Transunion has been in the process of buying CIBIL since 2007. TransUnion bought CIBI. TransUnion will be in charge of CIBIL's operations. Transununion bought the CIBIL.  CIBIL credit score is the most popular form of credit score. CIBIL has developed individual credit scores from all the four credit information companies. The most popular version of the CIBIL score is CIBIL, which is based on a credit card score. The CIBIL scores are based on individual credit information.  CIBIL credit score is a three-digit number that represents a summary of individuals' credit history and credit rating. CIBIL credits are based on a three digit number that is based on individual's credit history, credit rating and credit history. The CIBIL\u00a0score is a 3-digit\u00a0summer\u00a0number that represents an individual's\u00a0credit\u00a0history.  This score ranges from 300 to 900, with 900 being the best score. This score is based on a range of 300-900. The best score is 900, the highest score achieved by a person in the world. 900 is the best for a person to score a score of 900. Individuals with no credit history will have a score of \u22121. Individuals with no history will also have a credit history of 0.1. Credit history will be affected by credit history. Individuals with credit history have no history of credit history, credit history is 0.5%.  If credit history is less than six months, credit history will be 0.0. Credit history must be six months old. Credit history history must also be six-month old before credit history can be added to credit card account. If history is six months off credit history, score will be zero.  CIBIL credit score takes time to build up and usually it takes between 18 and 36 months or more of credit usage to obtain a satisfactory credit score. Usually it takes up to 36 months to build a satisfactory score.CIBIL credit scores take up to 18 months to reach a satisfactory level of credit use.  In Norway, credit scoring services are provided by Dun & Bradstreet, Experian and Lindorff Decision. Credit scoring services provided by three credit scoring agencies: Dun and Bradstreet and Experian. The agencies are based in Norway, with Dun &Bradstreet providing the services.  Credit scoring is based on publicly available information such as demographic data, tax returns, taxable income and any Betalingsanmerkning (non-payment records) that might be registered on the credit-scored individual. Credit scores are based on public data such as tax returns and tax returns.  Upon being scored, an individual will receive a notice (written or by e-mail) from the scoring agency stating who performed the credit score as well as any information provided in the score. The scoring agency is responsible for the score and the individual is entitled to a credit card.  In addition, credit institutions use custom scorecards based on any number of parameters. Credit institutions use scorecards to make sure they are on the right to have a credit card. Many credit institutions also use custom scorescards to assess creditworthiness of credit cardholders. Credit card companies often use credit cards based on a number of factors. Credit scores range between 300 and 999. Credit scores range from 300 to 999. Credit scores are based on credit scores of 300 to 1,000. Credit cards range from 0-0 to 0-1, with scores ranging from 300-999. credit scores between 300-1000.  In the Republic of Ireland, a person's credit score is calculated by the Irish Credit Bureau (ICB) The ICB is financed by its members (financial institutions and local authorities) The ICB is a private organisation financed by members of the country's financial institutions.  A person taking out a loan must consent to their data being given to the ICB. The ICB must also consent to consent to giving their data to the bank. ICB will also be able to provide information to people taking out loans from their loan accounts. The bank says it will not charge people with a bank account for their data.  A person may receive their own credit report on paying a \u20ac6 fee to the ICB. The ICB is responsible for the majority of credit cards in the country. A person can pay a fee to receive a credit report from ICB on their credit card. A fee of \u20ac6 is required to be paid to receive the credit report.  Credit scores run from 224 (the worst value) to 581 (the best value) credit scores. There is also a separate Central Credit Register (CCR) Credit scores are also available in separate Central credit Register. Credit scores range from 224 - the worst value is 581, the best value. ",
  "40": " Cryptanalysis (from the Greek krypt\u00f3s, \"hidden\", and anal\u00fdein, \"to analyze\") refers to the process of analyzing information systems in order to understand hidden aspects of the systems. Cryptanalysis is a form of analysis of information systems.  Cryptanalysis is used to breach cryptographic security systems and gain access to the contents of encrypted messages, even if the cryptographic key is unknown. Cryptanalysis can be used to break cryptographic systems and access to encrypted messages even without the encryption key being used in the encrypted messages. It can also be used in encrypted messages to access the contents, such as those of the messages.  Cryptanalysis includes the study of side-channel attacks that do not target weaknesses in the cryptographic algorithms themselves, but instead exploit weaknesses in their implementation. In addition to mathematical analysis of cryptographic algorithms, cryptanalysis is also studied by cryptanalyzers. Cryptanalysis is a form of analysis of algorithms and algorithms that can be used in cryptanalysis.  The methods and techniques of cryptanalysis have changed drastically through the history of cryptography, adapting to increasing cryptographic complexity. The goal has been the same, but the methods have evolved through the years to the mathematically advanced computerized schemes of the present. Cryptanalysis has evolved from pen-and-paper methods of the past, through machines like the British Bombes and Colossus computers at Bletchley Park in World War II.  Methods for breaking modern cryptosystems often involve solving carefully constructed problems in pure mathematics. The best-known problem is integer factorization, a form of mathematical problem called \"integration factorization\" The best known method is to solve complex mathematical problems such as factorization.  In encryption, confidential information (called the \"plaintext\") is sent securely to a recipient by the sender first converting it into an unreadable form (\"ciphertext\") using an encryption algorithm. The sender converts the information into a form \"cipher text\" using an algorithm.  The ciphertext is sent through an insecure channel to the recipient of the ciphertext. The message is sent using an insecure security channel to communicate with the recipient. The cipher text is sent in an insecure way to communicate via a secure channel. It is encrypted by sending a ciphertext through a secure insecure channel.  The recipient decrypts the ciphertext by applying an inverse decryption algorithm, recovering the plaintext. The recipient decries the encrypted ciphertext using an inverse encryption algorithm to recover the plain text. The ciphertext is encrypted by encrypting the message to the recipient by using a reverse encryption algorithm.  To decrypt the ciphertext, the recipient requires a secret knowledge from the sender, usually a string of letters, numbers, or bits, called a cryptographic key. A cryptographic key can be used to decrypt the encrypted ciphertext. The recipient requires the sender to reveal a key to the recipient of the encrypted message.  The concept is that even if an unauthorized person gets access to the ciphertext during transmission, without the secret key they cannot convert it back to plaintext. Without the key key they can't convert the plaintext back into plaintext without the key. The idea is to prevent the use of the key to decrypt messages in encrypted messages.  Encryption has been used throughout history to send important military, diplomatic and commercial messages. Today is very widely used in computer networking to protect email and internet communication. Encryption is used to protect military, commercial and commercial communications in the U.S. It is widely used today to protect emails and internet communications.  The goal of cryptanalysis is for a third party, a cryptanalyst, to gain as much information as possible about the original (\"plaintext\") The goal is to \"break\" the encryption to read the ciphertext and learn the secret key so future messages can be decrypted and read.  A mathematical technique to do this is called a cryptographic attack. A cryptographic attack is known as a \"crypto-attack\" Technique is a mathematical technique that can be used to attack cryptominaries. The attack is called \"Crypto-Attack\" and \"Cryptic Attack\" A cryptographic technique is used in cryptomanda attacks.  Cryptographic attacks can be classified based on what type of information the attacker has available. Attackers can be characterized in a number of ways:\u00a0Amount of information available to the attacker. Attacker's information is available to attack the attacker, but attacker has limited information to attack.  As a basic starting point it is normally assumed that, for the purposes of analysis, the general algorithm is known. This is Shannon's Maxim \"the enemy knows the system\" \u2013 in turn, Kerckhoffs' principle. In its turn, this is Kerckhoff' principle, equivalent to Kerckhooff's principle.  This is a reasonable assumption in practice \u2013 throughout history, there are countless examples of secret algorithms falling into wider knowledge, variously through espionage, betrayal and reverse engineering. This is not the first time the algorithms have been revealed to the public, but it has been used in the past, including reverse engineering and espionage.  Cryptanalyst has access only to a collection of ciphertexts or codetexts. Ciphers have been broken through pure deduction; for example, the German Lorenz cipher and the Japanese Purple code, and a variety of classical schemes. The cryptanalyst can also break ciphers using pure deduction.  Known-plaintext: attacker has a set of ciphertexts to which they know the corresponding plaintext. Attacker has a known-plain text to which he knows the corresponding ciphertext to which their plaintext is known. Attackers have a known plaintext to know the attacker's ciphertext.  An attacker can obtain the ciphertexts (plaintexts) corresponding to an arbitrary set of plaintexts of their own choosing. The attacker can then obtain the encrypted plain texts (ciphertext) of their choice of the chosen plaintext. An attacker is able to obtain the plain text to obtain an arbitrary plaintext of their choosing.  Adaptive chosen-plaintext attack is similar to the chosen-cipheral attack. Attackers can choose subsequent plaintexts based on information learned from previous encryptions. Attacker can also attack previous encrypted plaintext based on previous ciphertexts. Attack is a similar attack to that of the chosen ciphertext attack.  Like a chosen-plaintext attack, the attacker can obtain ciphertexts encrypted under two different keys. The attack is similar to the attack on chosen plaintext, except the attacker is able to obtain the ciphertext under the same key. The attacker can also obtain cipher text encrypted under different keys under different key.  The keys are unknown, but the relationship between them is known. For example, two keys that differ in the one bit are known. The relationship between keys and keys is known by the relationship of the keys and their relationship. The keys and the keys are known by their relationship, but not by their location.  Attacks can also be characterised by the resources they require. Computational resources required are required to attack an attack. Attacks can be classified as 'computers' or'resources' that require computers to perform attacks. Attacks are also characterised as 'computer resources' and 'computer' resources.  Those resources include: Time, time, time and resources for encrypting and encrypting encrypted messages. Those resources also include resources for testing encrypting messages and sending encrypted messages to test encryptions. Those resources are available in the U.S. and Canada. For more information on encrypted messages, visit http://www.mailonline.com/securesecure-secure-source.org.  Memory is the amount of storage required to perform the attack. Memory is memory. Storage is the most important part of the attack on a computer that can be used to attack a computer. Memory is a key to the attack, and storage is the key to a successful attack.  Data \u2013 the quantity and type of plaintexts and ciphertexts required for a particular approach. It is sometimes difficult to predict these quantities precisely, especially when the attack is not practical to actually implement for testing. Data is the quantity of plain text and cipher text that is required to attack a particular attack.  Academic cryptanalysts tend to provide at least the estimated order of magnitude of their attacks' difficulty, saying, for example, \"SHA-1 collisions now 252\" Academic cryptologists tend to give an estimate of the difficulty of the attacks, rather than an estimate, of their difficulty.  Schneier notes that even computationally impractical attacks can be considered breaks. \"Breaking a cipher simply means finding a weakness in the cipher that can be exploited with a complexity less than brute force,\" Schneier says. Schneier: Even computationally impossible attacks can break a cipher.  Never mind that brute-force might require 2128 encryptions; an attack requiring 2110 encryptions would be considered a break...simply put, a break can just be a certificational weakness: evidence that the cipher does not perform as advertised.\" A break can be just a certificate of weakness, according to the author.  The results of cryptanalysis can also vary in usefulness, depending on the results of the analysis. Cryptanalysis results can vary from partial to partial success. The results can also be used in cryptanalysis for other purposes, such as in other cryptanalyzes, or in some cases.  Cryptographer Lars Knudsen (1998) classified various types of attack on block ciphers according to the amount and quality of secret information that was discovered. Total break \u2013 the attacker deduces the secret key. Total break - the attacker\u00a0 deduces\u00a0the secret key.  An attacker discovers a functionally equivalent algorithm for encryption and decryption, but without learning the key. The attacker discovers the equivalent algorithm, but does not learn the key to encrypting and decrypting encryption. Attacker discovers the algorithm for decryption and encryption without learning its key.  Attackers discover additional plaintexts (or ciphertexts) not previously known. Attacker discovers additional plain texts (not previously known) Not previously known. Attackers find more plain text messages (or encrypted messages) Not Previously known. Credentialed (local) deduction)  An attacker gains some Shannon information about plaintexts (or ciphertexts) not previously known. Attackers gain Shannon information on plaintext messages. Attacker gains Shannon information from plaintext or ciphertext messages that were previously unknown. Attacker learns more about plain text messages not known by the attacker.  Academic attacks are often against weakened versions of a cryptosystem, such as a block cipher or hash function with some rounds removed. Attackers can distinguish the cipher from a random permutation. Attack is often against a weakened version of a cryptographic system such as block cipher.  Many attacks become exponentially more difficult to execute as rounds are added to a cryptosystem. So it's possible to be strong even though reduced-round variants are weak. Many, but not all, attacks become more difficult as rounds add to cryptsystem, so it can be strong.  Partial breaks that come close to breaking the original cryptosystem may mean that a full break will follow. The successful attacks on DES, MD5, and SHA-1 were all preceded by attacks on weakened versions of the system. However, partial breaks may lead to a complete break.  In academic cryptography, a weakness or a break in a scheme is usually defined conservatively. It might require impractical amounts of time, memory, or known plaintexts. In academic cryptology, it is difficult to break a scheme without time or memory to do so.  It might require the attacker to be able to do things many real-world attackers can't. For example, the attacker may need to choose particular plaintexts to be encrypted or even to ask for several keys related to the secret key to encrypting them. The attacker may even need to use several keys to encrypt plaintext messages.  Cryptosystem is imperfect but too little to be useful to real-world attackers. It might only reveal a small amount of information, enough to prove the cryptosystem imperfect, but not enough to be used in real-life attacks. It may only reveal small amounts of information to the attacker.  An attack might only apply to a weakened version of cryptographic tools, like a reduced-round block cipher, as a step towards breaking the full system. The attack may only be applied to weakened versions of the system, such as a reduced round block cipher. It could only be used to break the system by weakening the weaker version of encryption.  Cryptanalysis has coevolved together with cryptography, and the contest can be traced through the history of cryptography. New ciphers being designed to replace old broken designs, and new cryptanalytic techniques invented to crack the improved schemes. New techniques have been developed to crack new schemes.  In practice, secure cryptography requires design against possible cryptanalysis. Secure cryptanalysis requires design to prevent possible cryptanalysts. Secure cryptography requires a design that protects against possible attacks by cryptanalyzers. In practice it is viewed as two sides of the same coin: secure cryptanalysis and secure cryptography.  \"Cryptanalysis\" is relatively recent (it was coined by William Friedman in 1920) Methods for breaking codes and ciphers are much older than the actual word \"cryptanalysis\" has been coined by Friedman. Cryptanalysis is a form of analysis that can be used to break codes and codes.  Arab scholars were the first people to systematically document cryptanalytic methods. The first known recorded explanation of cryptanalysis was given by Al-Kindi (c. 801\u2013873) in Risalah fi Istikhraj al-Mu'amma (A Manuscript on Deciphering Cryptographic Messages)  This treatise contains the first description of the method of frequency analysis. It was written in 17th century. It is the first work on frequency analysis to be published in the world's first published journal. The work was published in 18th Century, 17th Century and 1900s.  Al-Kindi is regarded as the first codebreaker in history. He is believed to have been the first to break the code in the world. AlKindi was also the first person to break any code in history to break codes. Al Kindi is considered to be the world's first ever codebreaker.  His breakthrough work was influenced by Al-Khalil (717\u2013786), who wrote the Book of Cryptographic Messages, which contains the first use of permutations and combinations to list all possible Arabic words with and without vowels. His work is the basic tool for breaking most classical ciphers.  In natural languages, certain letters of the alphabet appear more often than others. In English, \"E\" is likely to be the most common letter in any sample of plaintext. In natural\u00a0language\u00a0language, \"e\" is the most commonly common letter to appear in plain text.  The digraph \"TH\" is the most likely pair of letters in English, and so on. Similarly, the digraph 'TH' is most likely to be used in English. The most likely letter in English is the \"most likely\" pair of words in the alphabet.  The frequency analysis relies on a cipher failing to hide these statistics. It relies on the fact that frequency analysis is based on a single frequency analysis using a cipher to hide the statistics. The results are based on the frequency of the data used in frequency analysis of data collected by the National Institute of Meteorology.  For example, the most frequent letter in the ciphertext would be a likely candidate for \"E\" In a simple substitution cipher, each letter is simply replaced with another. The most frequent letters in a ciphertext are likely to be the letters \"e\" or \"frequent\" letters.  Al-Kindi's invention of the frequency analysis technique for breaking monoalphabetic substitution ciphers was the most significant cryptanalytic advance until World War II. Al Kindi invented the technique in the early 1930s. AlKindi was the inventor of the technique that allowed frequency analysis of such a ciphertext.  Al-Kindi's Risalah fi Istikhraj al-Mu'amma described the first cryptanalytic techniques, including some for polyalphabetic ciphers, cipher classification, Arabic phonetics and syntax, and most importantly, gave the first descriptions on frequency analysis.  He also covered methods of encipherments, cryptanalysis of certain enciphermentments, and statistical analysis of the code. He also discussed methods of encryption and methods of cryptanalysis in his book. The book was published in 1998, with a number of books published in the U.S. and Canada. ",
  "41": " Streaming media is multimedia for playback using an offline or online media player.Streaming media can be streamed using an online or offline media player or using a desktop or online video player. Streaming media can also be streamed by a mobile phone, tablet, laptop, tablet or laptop.  Technically, the stream is delivered and consumed in a continuous manner from a client, with little or no intermediate storage in network elements. The stream stream stream has been delivered to a client from a continuous way from the client. There is little or little intermediate storage for network elements in the network elements, such as network elements.  Streaming refers to the delivery method of content, rather than the content itself. Streaming refers to a delivery method, not to the content content itself, as it is delivered by the delivery of the content. Streaming is a form of delivery method rather than content delivery, as well as delivery of content.  Most of the traditional media delivery systems are either inherently streaming (e.g. streaming) or are inherently streaming. This distinction applies specifically to telecommunications networks, as most of the media delivery system are either streaming or streaming. Distinguishing the delivery method from the media applies specifically for telecommunications networks.  Radio, television or radio is inherently non-streaming. It is not broadcast on radio, television, radio or television. The service is available only on streaming devices that are not available in the U.S. It is available on iTunes and other streaming services, such as Apple TV and Facebook. books, videotapes, audio CDs (including audio CDs) and videotapes) are available in the U.S. Library of America. The library contains more than 1,000 copies of books, DVDs, CDs, CDs and DVDs. It is available for purchase in the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia, Canada and Europe.  There are challenges with streaming content on the Internet, including streaming content. There are also challenges for streaming content in the U.S. to compete with streaming services like Netflix and YouTube. There is no easy way to compete in the streaming industry, but there is a way for it to compete.  Users whose Internet connection lacks sufficient bandwidth may experience stops, lags, or poor buffering of the content. Users lacking compatible hardware or software systems may be unable to stream certain content. For example, users without compatible hardware may experience lags or lags on certain content streams.  With the use of buffering of the content for just a few seconds in advance of playback, the quality can be much improved. The quality of the video content can be improved by buffering the content in the background of playback. For more information, visit www.cnn.com/action.  Livestreaming is the real-time delivery of content during production. It is the same as live television broadcasts content via television channels. Live streams are broadcasted during production, much as live TV broadcasts content. Live broadcasts are shown in a live broadcast of the content.  Livestreaming requires a form of source media (e.g. source media) The Internet is used to broadcast live from a live stream. The Internet requires a source of media, such as video or audio, to be broadcast live. The internet is a medium medium medium that allows users to stream live from the Internet. a video camera, an audio interface, screen capture software), an encoder to digitize the content, a media publisher, and a content delivery network to distribute and deliver the content. A video camera and audio interface are among the features of the device. A digital camera, audio interface and digital encoder are also required to capture content.  Streaming is an alternative to file downloading, a process in which the end-user obtains the entire file for the content before watching or listening to it. Streaming is a form of file downloading that allows users to download the content of the content to watch or listen to it.  Through streaming, an end-user can use their media player to start playing digital video or digital audio content before the entire file has been transmitted. An end-users can use the streaming tool to play digital video and audio content without the entire content being transmitted. The company hopes to use the technology to stream the entire video or audio content in the future.  The term \"streaming media\" can apply to media other than video and audio, such as live closed captioning, ticker tape, and real-time text, which are all considered \"streamed text\" The term can also apply to live captioning and live text.  Streaming is most prevalent in video on demand and streaming television services. Streaming television services are most popular in the U.S. Video on demand is most popular among video streaming services such as Netflix, YouTube, YouTube and other streaming services. For more information, visit CNN.com/Streaming.com.  Other services stream music or video games. Services stream music, video games and other services stream video and video games online. For more information, go to CNN.com/Heroesport.com or YouTube.com for more information. For more videos, visit http://www.co.uk/heroesportport-a-player-stream.com.  The term \"streaming\" was first used for tape drives made by Data Electronics Inc. that were meant to slowly ramp up and run for the entire track. The term was first coined by the company that made tape drives that had slower ramp times that lowered drive costs.  \"Streaming\" was applied in the early 1990s, as a better description for video on demand and later live video on IP networks. It was applied as a way to describe live video from IP networks in the 1990s. It has since been used to refer to live video streams on the Internet.  It was first done by Starlight Networks for video streaming and Real Networks for audio streaming. Real Networks also streamed audio streaming for its audio streaming services. It was created by Real Networks and Starlight for video and audio streaming respectively. It is the first time streaming has been done by a network that streamers have streamed.  Such video had previously been referred to by the misnomer \"store and forward video\" Such video was previously referred to as \"store\u00a0and\u00a0forward video,\" such as \"Store and Forward video,\" or \"store-and-forward video\"; such video had been previously known as \"forward video\"  Beginning in 1881, Th\u00e9\u00e2trophone enabled subscribers to listen to opera and theatre performances over telephone lines. Subscribers were able to listen over telephone\u00a0lines\u00a0to\u00a0listen\u00a0to opera\u00a0and theatre\u00a0performances\u00a0over\u00a0phone lines. In 1881\u00a0theatre\u00a0and opera\u00a0performer\u00a0was broadcast over phone lines.  This operated until 1932. It was the first time it had been operated in the U.S. State Department of Public Service. The station was also known as the National Museum of Art in New York City, New York, which opened in 1932. The museum was opened in 1931.  George Owen Squier was granted patents for a system for the transmission and distribution of signals over electrical lines in the early 1920s. Squier's system was the technical basis for what later became Muzak, a technology streaming continuous music to commercial customers without the use of radio.  The Telephone Music Service, a live jukebox service, began in 1929 and continued until 1997. It was known for its live music jukeboxes. The service was discontinued in 1997 after the demise of the juke box service in 1997. The Telephone Jukebox was a popular juke-box service from 1929 to 1997.  Clientele eventually included 120 bars and restaurants in the Pittsburgh area. The clientele eventually grew to include 120 bars, restaurants and bars in the city's\u00a0Pittsburgh\u00a0area. The clients eventually included more than 100 bars and eateries in the area. In addition to the clientele, there were also 120 restaurants, bars and cafes in Pittsburgh's area.  A tavern customer would deposit money in the jukebox and use a telephone to play a song. A telephone would be placed on top of the juebox, and the operator would play the song. Customers could deposit money and ask the operator to play songs using a telephone.  The operator would find the record in the studio library of more than 100,000 records, put it on a turntable, and the music would be piped over the telephone line to play in the tavern. The music was piped into the tavern by the operator.  The music media began as 78s, 33s and 45s, played on the six turntables they monitored. The media media was played on 78s and 33s, playing on the 6 turntable they monitored. The media was then played on a six-turntables set up by the researchers.  CDs and tapes were incorporated in later years. CDs, tapes and CDs were incorporated into later years. CDs were incorporated later years into the CD collection. The album was released in 1998 and released in 2005. It was released on October 1, 2009, 2010, 2010 and 2011.  The business had a succession of owners, notably Bill Purse, his daughter Helen Reutzel, and finally, Dotti White. The business has been owned by several owners since Purse's death in 1970s and 1980s. The company was founded by Purse and Purse in 1964, after Purse died.  The revenue stream of each quarter was split 60% to the music service and 40% to a tavern owner. The revenue was split between 60% of the revenue stream and the tavern owner's share of revenue each quarter. The tavern owner received 40% of revenue from each quarter, 60% from music service.  This business model eventually became unsustainable due to the city permits and the cost of setting up these telephone lines. The business model became unsustainable because of the costs of the telephone lines and the city's permits to set up these lines was too much to justify the business model. The city eventually decided to stop using this business model due to city permits.  Attempts to display media on computers date back to the earliest days of computing in the mid-20th century. Display media was developed in the 1960s and 1980s. Displaying media was a key component of the computer's early development. Display technology is now being developed in Australia and Canada.  However, little progress was made for several decades, primarily due to the high cost and limited capabilities of computer hardware. Little progress has been made in computer technology since the 1970s, mainly due to high cost, limited capabilities and limited hardware capabilities of the computer. Computer technology has been used in the United States for decades, including in the 1980s and 1990s.  Consumer-grade personal computers became powerful enough to display various media. From the late 1980s through the 1990s, consumer-grade computers became more powerful. Personal computers are now capable of displaying various media using different media types of software. In the 1980s and 1990s personal computers were powerful enough for display of media.  The primary technical issues related to streaming were having enough CPU and bus bandwidth to support the required data rates. Real-time computing performance required to prevent buffer underrun and enable smooth streaming of the content. The main technical issues are having sufficient CPU and. bandwidth to. support data rates and achieving real-time performance.  Audio and video media were delivered over non-streaming channels, such as playback from a local hard disk drive or CD-ROMs on the end user's computer. However, computer networks were still limited in the mid-1990s, with audio and video still delivered.  In 1990 the first commercial Ethernet switch was introduced by Kalpana, which enabled the more powerful computer networks that led to the first streaming video solutions used by schools and corporations. The first commercial switch to Ethernet was introduced in 1990 and led to a revolution in streaming video technology.  Practical streaming media was only made possible with advances in data compression, due to the impractically high bandwidth requirements of uncompressed media. Streaming media was made possible due to advances in compression, such as data compression and data compression. Streaming TV is the first time streaming media has been made available to stream in the U.S.  Raw digital audio encoded with pulse-code modulation (PCM) requires a bandwidth of 1.4 Mbit/s for uncompressed CD audio, while raw digital video requires a. bandwidth of 168\u00a0Mbit\u00a0for SD video and over 1000 Mbit for FHD video.  During the late 1990s and early 2000s, users had increased access to computer networks, especially the Internet. The Internet was a major factor in the growth of computer networks in the 1990s to the 2000s. Internet users were able to use the Internet for the first time in the late 90s and 2000s.  During the early 2000s, users had access to increased network bandwidth, especially in the last mile. The last mile was the first time network bandwidth was available in the U.S. Internet users had increased access to the last-mile network. The first time the network bandwidth has been available was in the early 1990s, when the network was in full capacity.  These technological improvements facilitated the streaming of audio and video content to computer users in their homes and workplaces. The streaming of video and audio content was among the technological improvements made in recent years. These improvements were made to allow computer users to stream content to their home and workplace.  There was also an increasing use of standard protocols and formats, such as TCP/IP, HTTP, HTML, HTML as the Internet became increasingly commercialized. This led to an infusion of investment into the sector, leading to an increase in investment in the sector. There were also an increased use of the standard protocols such as HTTP, TCP and HTML, which led to increased investment.  Severe Tire Damage was the first group to perform live on the Internet. The band was first band to perform on the internet. Severe tire Damage was also the first to perform in the Internet live on a live broadcast. The group is known for its live performances on YouTube.  On June 24, 1993, the band was playing a gig at Xerox PARC while scientists were discussing new technology (the Mbone) for broadcasting on the Internet using multicasting. Elsewhere in the building, scientists were talking about the Mbone technology, which is now being used to broadcast on the internet.  As proof of PARC's technology, the band's performance was broadcast and could be seen live in Australia and elsewhere. PARC used PARC technology to broadcast live from Australia and other parts of the world. The band's performances were broadcast live in the UK and Australia.  Band member Russ Haines stated that the band had used approximately \"half of the total bandwidth of the internet\" to stream the performance. The performance was a 152\u2009\u00d7\u200976 pixel video, updated eight to twelve times per second, with audio quality that was, \"at best, a bad telephone connection\"  In October 1994, a school music festival webcast was webcast from the Michael Fowler Centre in Wellington, New Zealand. The event was held in October 1994. It was the first webcast of a school musical festival held in the city of Wellington in New Zealand since 1994.  Local council employee Richard Naylor arranged the webcast, which had 16 viewers in 12 countries. Naylor later said: \"We had 16 people watching it. We're not talking about it. It's a great thing for the council to do,\" said Naylor. The webcast was broadcast by a council employee.  \"RealNetworks\" pioneered the broadcast of a baseball game between the New York Yankees and the Seattle Mariners over the Internet in 1995. RealNetworks broadcast the game of the Yankees vs. the Mariners on the Internet. The game was broadcast over the internet for the first time since 1995.  The first symphonic concert on the Internet was a collaboration between the Seattle Symphony and guest musicians Slash, Matt Cameron, and Barrett Martin. In 1996, Marc Scarpa produced the first large-scale, online, live broadcast, the Adam Yauch-led Tibetan Freedom Concert.  Scarpa continued to pioneer in the streaming media world with projects such as Woodstock '99, Townhall with President Clinton, and more recently Covered CA's campaign \"Tell a Friend Get Covered\" which was live streamed on YouTube. Covered California's campaign is live streamed.  Xing Technology was founded in 1989, and developed a JPEG streaming product called \"StreamWorks\" The company is now based in Beijing, China, and is based in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. It is based on the company's success in China and Taiwan.  Another streaming product appeared in late 1992 and was named StarWorks. StarWorks was the first streaming product to be made available in 1992. Another StarWorks product was released in 1992 and is now available in the U.S., Canada and Australia. The first StarWorks streaming product was called StarWorks and launched in 1993.  StarWorks enabled on-demand MPEG-1 full-motion videos to be randomly accessed on corporate Ethernet networks. StarWorks was created by StarWorks to allow the network to randomly access videos to the content of a video stream. The network was used to stream stream images of the network's servers.  Starworks was from Starlight Networks, who also pioneered live video streaming on Ethernet and via Internet Protocol over satellites with Hughes Network Systems. Starworks is from the same company that pioneered live streaming on the Internet over satellite over the Internet in the 1980s. Starlight was also known for its live video on the satellite network.  Other early companies created streaming media technology include Progressive Networks and Protocomm prior to widespread World Wide Web usage. Progressive Networks was founded by Progressive Networks prior to the widespread use of the Internet. Progressive networks was founded in the early 1990s and is now based in New York City.  After the Netscape IPO in 1995, usage of the Internet expanded, and many companies \"went public\" Progressive Networks (which was renamed \"RealNetworks\", and listed on Nasdaq as \"RNWK\") Progressive Networks went public, including Progressive Networks. Windows 95, with built-in TCP/IP support, was released in 1995.  Microsoft developed a media player known as ActiveMovie in 1995 that supported streaming media and included a proprietary streaming format, which was the precursor to the streaming feature later in Windows Media Player 6.4 in 1999. As the web became more popular in the late 90s, streaming video on the internet blossomed from startups such as Vivo Software (later acquired by RealNetworks)  In June 1999 Apple introduced a streaming media format in its QuickTime 4 application. Apple also introduced a streamstreaming media format for QuickTime's QuickTime. QuickTime was released in June 1999. Apple introduced the streaming format in QuickTime in 1999. In 1999 QuickTime included a streaming video format for the first time.  It was later also widely adopted on websites along with RealPlayer and Windows Media streaming formats. It was also widely used on websites and on Windows media streaming formats such as RealPlayer, Windows Media Player and RealPlayer. It is now widely used in online video streaming and video streaming.  The competing formats on websites required each user to download the respective applications for streaming and resulted in many users having to have all three applications on their computer for general compatibility. Many users had to have the all three apps on their computers for compatibility. The\u00a0competition\u00a0required each user have to download each application for streaming to be compatible.  Industryview.com launched its \"world's largest streaming video archive\" website in 2000. The website helps businesses promote themselves online. In 2000 Industryview launched its website to help businesses advertise themselves. It is now the world's most popular streaming video website, which launched in 1999.  Webcasting combined the immersive nature of television with the interactivity of the Web. Webcasting became an emerging tool for business marketing and advertising. Webcasts combined immersive TV with the interaction of the Internet, creating an immersive and interactive experience. Webcasters are now a tool for businesses to use in advertising and business marketing.  The ability to collect data and feedback from potential customers caused this technology to gain momentum quic. The technology was created by a team of engineers and software engineers. The company hopes to use the technology to help customers find out what they want to buy and what they like to buy. ",
  "42": " A solution is a special type of homogeneous mixture composed of two or more substances. In chemistry, a solution is made of a homogeneous mix of substances. It is a homogenous mixture of substances and substances. A solution can be found in a solution or a mixture of two substances.  A solute is a substance dissolved in another substance, known as a solvent. Solids are a mixture of solids and solids. In such a mixture, a solute can be dissolved in a solvent, such as a solutant, or a solvert.  The attractive forces between the solvent and solute particles pull the solvent particles apart and surround them. If the attractive forces are greater than the forces holding the solvent together, the solvent particle pulls the solute particle apart and surrounding them. The solvent particles pull each other apart from each other and surround each other.  The surrounded solute particles then move away from the solid solute and out into the solution. These surrounded solutes then move out of the solute to the solution and into the liquid solution. The solutes are surrounded by surrounding solutes, which are then released from the solutants.  The mixing process of a solution happens at a scale where the effects of chemical polarity are involved, resulting in interactions that are specific to solvation. A solution mixing process is specific to the level of polarity in a solvation process. The effects of the polarity of the mixing process can be seen in a solution.  The solution usually has the state of the solvent when the solvent is the larger fraction of the mixture, as is commonly the case. The state of a solution is usually the same when it is in a large fraction of a mixture of solvent. The solution has a state when the solids are larger than the solvent, such as in the mixture.  One important parameter of a solution is the concentration, which is a measure of the amount of solute in a given amount of solution or solvent. Concentration is a measurement of the concentration of a given solution or a solvent. The concentration is an important measure of solutes in a solution.  The term \"aqueous solution\" is used when one of the solvents is water. The term is used in the context of water-soluble solutions. It is also used when a liquid solvent is used to create a solution from a liquid or liquid.  A solution is a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances. The solution is homogeneous and homogeneous. A solution can be made of a mixture of both substances or substances. It can be found in a solution with a solution of water, electricity, electricity and other chemicals.  The particles of solute in a solution cannot be seen by the naked eye. They are particles that can be seen in solutions that are not visible by the eye. The particles in solute solids can also be seen through the surface of the solids in solutions.  particles may be visible in a suspension. By contrast, particles are visible in the body of a suspended particle. particles may also be visible when a suspended substance is in a liquid or liquid. particles can be visible if a liquid substance is suspended, but particles are not visible in it.  A solution does not cause beams of light to scatter. A solution to the problem is not a solution that causes beams to scatter. A solution is a solution to a problem of light scattering in the beam of light. The solution is not the only solution to solve the problem.  By contrast, particles in a suspension can cause Tyndall scattering or Rayleigh scattering. By contrast particles in the suspension can be found to cause Rayleigh or Tyndell scattering. The particles are suspended in a suspended liquid or liquid, but not in a liquid, they are scattered by particles.  A solution is stable; solutes will not precipitate unless added in excess of the mixture's solubility. At which point the excess would remain in its solid phase, referred to as hypersaturation. The excess of a solution is added to a solution that is stable.  Solute from a solution cannot be separated by filtration (or mechanically) Solute solute from solution can't be separated from solution. Solute can be separated mechanically or mechanically. Soluble solutes cannot be separate from solution from solution in a solution. The solute is a solution that cannot be removed from solution or separated from it.  It is composed of only one phase. It is made up of just one phase and consists of only a single phase. The first phase is the first phase of the construction of the entire structure. The second phase is a phase of a phase that consists of two phases, one phase, and two phases.  Homogeneous means that the components of the mixture form a single phase. Homogeneous is a type of type of mixture. Homogenous means that components of a mixture form one phase.Homogeneous means a mixture of components form a one phase. Homogeneous also means that a mixture can form a homogeneous phase.  Heterogeneous means that the components of the mixture are of different phase. Heterogenous means that components of a mixture of different phases are different phases. The mixture is made up of different components of each part of a chemical mixture, such as a mixture with different phases of phase.  The properties of the mixture (such as concentration, temperature, and density) can be uniformly distributed through the volume but only in absence of diffusion phenomena or after their completion. The properties such as concentration or temperature, density, can be distributed uniformly through the mixture but only if they are completed or not caused by diffusion phenomena.  Usually, the substance present in the greatest amount is considered the solvent. The substance present is considered to be the most concentrated substance in a large amount of the liquid. The greatest amount of liquid is considered a form of form of substance called a solvent. It is also known as a liquid form of liquid substance.  Solvents can be gases, liquids, or solids. Solids are gases or liquids; solvents include solids, solids and solids. Solids can be liquids, gases or gases; solids can also be liquids or gases. The name of a chemical or chemical compound is \"Solvents\" or \"solids\"  One or more components present in the solution other than the solvent are called solutes. Solutes are a component of the solution that is not the solvent or solvent. Solids are also called solids, and solids are a mixture of solids or solids.  The solution has the same physical state as the solvent. The solution is in a state of the solution that has a physical state that is similar to that of the solider. The solvent is in the state of a solution that is the same state as that of a liquid solution.  If a solvent is a gas, only gases or vapors are dissolved under a given set of conditions. Gaseous mixtures must be dissolved under certain conditions. If a liquid liquid is a liquid, it must be a liquid or liquid liquid. If liquid mixtures are liquid, they must be liquid or dissolved in a liquid mixture.  An example of a gaseous solution is air (oxygen and other gases dissolved in nitrogen) An example is air, which is dissolved into nitrogen. Air is an example of an air solution that is dissolved in a nitrogen-free solution. The solution is a mixture of air and nitrogen, with oxygen and nitrogen in nitrogen.  Non-condensable gases form rather trivial solutions. Gase interactions between gaseous molecules play almost no role in solving problems. The solution is based on the fact that interactions between molecules play little or no role. Non-essential gases form a trivial solution to the problem of non-condensible gases.  In the literature, they are not even classified as solutions, but simply addressed as homogeneous mixtures of gases. They are not considered solutions but simply homogeneous gas mixtures. In some cases, they have been used as solutions to solve problems of gases in the atmosphere.  The Brownian motion and the permanent molecular agitation of gas molecules guarantee the homogeneity of the gaseous systems. The stability of the systems is guaranteed by the Brownian Motion of the gas molecules in gasey gaseys. The instability of the molecules ensures the homogenicity of gaseyl systems.  Non-condensable gases mixtures (e.g., air/CO2, or air/xenon) do not spontaneously demix, nor sediment, as distinctly stratified and separate gas layers as a function of their relative density. Gas layers are stratified as a result of relative density of their gas mixtures.  Diffusion forces efficiently counteract gravitation forces under normal conditions. Under normal conditions, gravity forces counteract each other's forces on Earth. Gravity forces counteract gravity forces on the planet's surface. Earth's gravity forces are strong enough to counteract the forces of fusion forces on planet Earth.  The case of condensable vapors is different: once the saturation vapor pressure at a given temperature is reached, vapor excess condenses into the liquid state. The case is different in the case of a condensable vapor, such as a vapor that condensates into a liquid state.  If the solvent is a liquid, almost all gases, liquids, and solids can be dissolved. Liquid solutions are liquid solutions. Liquid solids are liquid solids. Solids are liquids, solids, gases and liquids, but solids must be dissolved to form a liquid solution.  The solution is accompanied by a chemical reaction (formation of ions) Gas in liquid: Oxygen in water, carbon dioxide in water or CO2 in water. The reaction is a reaction to the solution of a liquid solution, such as carbon dioxide, to form ions.  The visible bubbles in carbonated water are not the dissolved gas, but only an effervescence of carbon dioxide that has come out of solution. The dissolved gas itself is not visible since it is dissolved on a molecular level. The bubbles are not visible because they are carbon dioxide.  Liquid in liquid is mixing of two or more substances of the same chemistry but different concentrations to form a constant. The mixing of a constant is the mixing of substances in a liquid to form the same chemical as the same substance. Liquid is a constant of the mixture of chemicals and substances in liquid.  Alcoholic beverages are basically solutions of ethanol in water. Alcoholic drinks are basically solution of ethanol solutions in water.(Homogenization) of solutions is a process of homogenization of solutions to ethanol solutions. Homogenization is homogenisation of solutions of solutions in solutions.  Salt in water forms an electrolyte: When dissolving, salt dissociates into ions. Table sugar (table sugar) is table sugar in water. Table salt (NaCl) or any other salt in water is table salt or table sugar. When dissolved, table salt dissolves, it dissolves into ions and forms electrolyte.  Solutions in water are especially common, and are called aqueous solutions. They are solutions in water that are often found in the form of solutions. Aqueque solutions are common in water, especially water solutions, such as solutions in the water and solutions in other forms of solution.  Non-aqueous solutions are when the liquid solvent involved is not water. Counterexamples are provided by liquid mixtures that are not homogeneous. Colloids, suspensions, emulsions are not considered solutions. Non-quequeous solutions include colloids and suspensions.  Body fluids are examples of complex liquid solutions, containing many solutes. Body fluids contain complex solutes, with many different types of solutes. Body fluids can be found in the form of body fluids, such as body fluids. Body fluid is a complex liquid solution, containing solutes and many other types of molecules.  Many electrolytes are electrolytes since they contain solute ions, such as potassium. Many of these electrolytes contain solutes of solute ion, like potassium, and are electrolyte-solids. Many electrolytees contain solids of potassium, potassium, sodium, potassium and sodium. Furthermore, they contain solute molecules like sugar and urea. They contain solutes like sugar, urea and sugar, which are solutes of molecules like urea, ure and sugar. They are also contain solutants like sugar or urea in the form of sugar.  Oxygen and carbon dioxide are essential components of blood chemistry. Significant changes in their concentrations may be a sign of severe illness or injury. Oxygen, carbon dioxide and oxygen are also essential components in blood chemistry, where significant changes in concentration may be signs of illness or injuries.  If the solvent is a solid, then gases, liquids, and solids can be dissolved. If a solid solids are dissolved, gases and liquids can also be dissolved. If a liquid or a liquid solids is dissolved, it can be a liquid, liquid, gas, liquid or liquid.  Gas in solids: Hydrogen dissolves rather well in metals, especially in palladium. This is studied as a means of hydrogen storage for hydrogen storage in the future. Gas in liquids: Liquid metal: Gold, silver, platinum, palladium, platinum and palladium. Liquid metals: Gold.  The ability of one compound to dissolve in another compound is called solubility. Liquid in solid: mercury in gold, forming an amalgam, water in solid salt or sugar, forming moist solids. Solid in solid is basically a solution of carbon atoms in a crystalline matrix of iron atoms. Solid is a true solid solution of Ra in BaSO4.  When a liquid can completely dissolve in another liquid the two liquids are miscible. The two liquids can be completely dissolved in a liquid. The liquid is miscible when it is completely dissolved into a liquid or a liquid that is not completely dissolved. A liquid can be miscible if it can be dissolved into another liquid.  Two substances that can never mix to form a solution are said to be immiscible. The substances that never mix together can never be formed into a solution. They are immiscibles, say they are impossible to mix and cannot be formed in a solution to each other.  All solutions have a positive entropy of mixing. All solutions are solved with a positive\u00a0entertainment\u00a0of mixing. The entropy of mixed solutions is the same as the entropy of all solutions. The solutions have the same positive entropy as the rest of the solutions. All solveable solutions have an entropy of mix.  Interactions between molecules or ions may be energetically favored or not. The interactions between different molecules and ions may also be energy-advantaging. Interactions may be energetic\u00a0opportunities\u00a0to be\u00a0energetically\u00a0favored\u00a0or\u00a0not\u00a0emotional\u00a0obstructive.  If interactions are unfavorable, then the free energy decreases with increasing solute concentration. If interaction is unfavorable, the increase in solute energy decreases. Solute concentration increases with decreasing solute levels of solute solids. Solids are made of solids and solids in a liquid form of molecules.  At some point, the energy loss outweighs the entropy gain, and no more solute particles can be dissolved. The solution is said to be saturated. The energy loss and entropy gain of the solute solids outweigh the loss of energy. No more solutes are dissolved, and the solution is saturated.  The point at which a solution can become saturated can change significantly with different environmental factors, such as temperature, pressure, and contamination. Temperature, pressure and contamination can also affect the point of saturation in a solution. Temperature and pressure can also change the amount of a solution that can be saturated.  For some solute-solvent combinations, a supersaturated solution can be prepared by raising the solubility to dissolve more solute and then lowering it. This can be done by increasing the temperature of a solution to dissolve solute more and lowering it by cooling it.  The greater the temperature of the solvent, the more of a given solid solute it can dissolve. Usually, the greater temperature the solute can dissolve a given solute. The temperature of a solvent is the temperature that can dissolve it of a solute, such as a soluble, to dissolve it.  Most gases and some compounds exhibit solubilities that decrease with increased temperature. However, most gases and other compounds have solubabilities that decrease when temperature is higher. Soluble gases and compounds can also decrease solubility when temperature reaches a certain temperature. Solubility of gases and chemicals decreases when temperature increases.  Such behavior is a result of an exothermic enthalpy of solution. The behavior is the result of a solution being solved by a solution. Such behavior can be seen as a result in a solution that is more likely to be solved by solving a problem with a solution solution.  Some surfactants exhibit this behaviour. Surfactants are surfactive surfants. Some surfacts contain surfants that are known to be sensitive to surfactivity. The surfactant's behaviour is similar to that of a surfant, but some surfacts are more sensitive to it.  The solubility of liquids in liquids is generally less temperature-sensitive than that of solids or gases. Solubility is less temperature sensitive in liquids than solids, gases or solids. Soluble liquids are generally more thermally sensitive to the temperature of their solids and gases.  Physical properties of compounds such as melting point and boiling point change when other compounds are added. The physical properties of these compounds change when added to them. Compound's melting point, boiling point and melting point are among the physical properties that change when a compound is added to a compound.  Together they are called colligative properties. The colligrams are colligraphic properties. Colligraphic property is a form of colligramic properties. It is a type of type of form of form that forms colligrous properties. Colligrams have colligressive properties, such as colligments.  There are several ways to quantify the amount of one compound dissolved in the other compounds collectively called concentration. Concentration is a measure of the amount dissolved in each compound. Concentrate is a form of compound compound that is dissolved in a mixture of two or more compounds, such as hydrogen and nitrogen.  Examples of molarity, volume fraction, mole fraction, and mole fraction. Examples include molarities, volume fractions, mole fractions. Examples of mole fraction include volume fraction and volume fraction. Molarity is a key component of the mole fraction of a molar fraction.  The properties of ideal solutions can be calculated by the linear combination of the properties of its components. Ideal solutions can also be found to be found in a linear linear combination. The properties are calculated by linear combinations of properties of the components of each solution. Ideal Solutions are found in an ideal world of complex structures.  If both solute and solvent exist in equal quantities, the concepts of \"solute\" and \"solvent\" become less relevant. The substance that is more often used as a solvent is normally designated as the solvent (in this example, water) Water is the most commonly used solvent.  All types of liquids can behave as solvents: liquid noble gases, molten metals, molten salts, molten covalent networks, and molecular liquids. Liquid noble gases and molten metals behave as a solvent. Liquid liquid liquid soles are liquid noble gas, liquid metals and molten salts. Liquid solution characteristics: Liquid noble gas and liquid metals.  In the practice of chemistry and biochemistry, most solvents are molecular liquids. In practice, this is the case of molecular liquids, rather than liquid solids, in practice of chemical and biochemicals. Most solids are made of molecules, such as liquids, which are molecular solids.  They can be classified into polar and non-polar, according to whether their molecules possess a permanent electric dipole moment. Polar molecules are classified as polar or non polar, depending on whether they have a permanent dipole moments. They can also be classified as non polar or polar, or polar.  Another distinction is whether their molecules can form hydrogen bonds (protic and aprotic solvents) The difference is whether the molecules of hydrogen bonds can form a hydrogen bond. The difference between hydrogen bonds and hydrogen bonds is whether they can be formed in a hydrogen-bond.  Water, the most commonly used solvent, is both polar and sustains hydrogen bonds. Water is the most common solvent to be used in the world of water molecules. Water molecules are polar polar and sustain hydrogen bonds, and water is polar and hydrogen bonds in the polar polar region.  Salts dissolve in polar solvents, forming positive and negative ions that are attracted to the negative and positive ends of the solvent molecule. The ions are attracted by the negative end of the molecule, respectively, to the positive and positive end of a polar solvent molecule.  Hydration occurs when charged solute ions become surrounded by water molecules. If the solvent is water, hydration occurs if the solutants are charged solids. Hydration is a process of water molecules being surrounded by charged solutes and molecules of solids in water.  Aqueous saltwater is a standard example of saltwater. Aquequeque salt water is a form of aqueous water. It is a type of form of salt water that can be found in salt water. The standard saltwater form is saltwater, a type that can form a form form of water that has a temperature range.  Such solutions are called electrolytes. They are known as electrolytes. Such solutions can be found in the form of electrolytes, such as water. Such electrolytes are also known as solutions for electrolytes in the body of a liquid form of form of water. The electrolyte solution is known as \"electroelectric\"  Whenever salt dissolves in water ion association has to be taken into account. Salt dissolves when it dissolves, ion association must be taken to account. Water ion association also has to take into account when it comes to salt dissolving in water. The study was carried out in the 1980s and 1990s.  Polar solutes dissolve in polar solids, forming polar bonds or hydrogen bonds. Polar solids form polar bonds, forming hydrogen bonds or polar bonds. The polar solutes are polarised solids and polar soles are polar solents. Polar polar solves form polar solvers, polar solites form hydrogen bonds, or polar solbons.  All alcoholic beverages are aqueous solutions of ethanol. As an example, all alcoholic beverages include ethanol solutions. All alcoholic drinks are produced from ethanol solutions of the same type of solution. Alcoholic beverages are made of ethanol, ethanol, and are made from aquequeque solutions.  On the other hand, non-polar solutes dissolve better in non-Polar solvents. Non polar solutes also dissolve better when they are not polarised, say experts. The study shows that polarizing solids dissolve better if they are used in polar solids.  Examples are hydrocarbons such as oil and grease that easily mix, while being incompatible with water. Examples include grease, oil and oil, which can easily mix with water, while not compatible with water. Examples are grease and oil. Examples are oil, grease, grease and grease, but not water.  An example of the immiscibility of oil and water is a leak of petroleum from a damaged tanker that does not dissolve in the ocean water but rather floats on the surface of the ocean. An example is the leak of oil from an oil tanker that floats in ocean water.  It is common practice in laboratories to make a solution directly from its constituent ingredients. It is also common practice to prepare a solution from a solution in a laboratory. The solution should be made from the solution's constituent ingredients, rather than a solution made from a mixture of water and chemicals.  There are three cases in practical calculation: The amount of solvent volume is given and the amount of amount of water is given. There are also three cases where the amount is given is given to determine how much of the solvent is given in each case. The formula is used to calculate how much water is needed for a given amount of time.  Case 2: amount of solute mass is given. Case 3: amount is given. Case 4: amount was given. Amount was given in case 2: Amount was shown. Case 5: Solute mass was shown to be given. The amount was shown in case 3: the amount was not shown.  Case 3: amount of final solution volume is given. In the following equations, A is solvent, B is solute, and C is concentration. Case 3 is given the amount of solution volume given in case 3. Case 4: amount is given in the following equation.  Solute volume contribution is considered through the ideal solution model. The ideal solution models are considered to be based on the ideal volume contribution of the best volume contribution. Solute volumes are considered as part of the ideal solutions model. A solution model is considered to consider volume contribution to a solution solution.  Case 1: amount (mL) of solvent volume VA is given. Case 1 is given the amount of (L) of (VA) VA. Case 2: Amount (LVA) is given. Case 3: Amount of (VVA) of VA was given.  Solute mass mB = C VA dA /(100-C/dB) mB is CVA dA. Case 2: Case 1: Case 3: Case 4: Case 2. Case 1. Case 2 : Case 1 - Case 2 - Case 3. Case 4 : Case 2. ",
  "43": " Quantum key distribution (QKD) is a secure communication method that implements a cryptographic protocol involving components of quantum mechanics. QKD is a form of cryptographic protocol that implements cryptographic protocols involving parts of quantum physics. It is based on the theory of quantum key distribution.  It enables two parties to produce a shared random secret key known only to them. The key can then be used to encrypt and decrypt messages. It can be used for encrypting and decryption of messages or encrypting messages. A key key can be shared by two parties only to know each other's secret key.  The process of quantum key distribution is not to be confused with quantum cryptography. It is the best-known example of a quantum-cryptographic task. The process is not the same as quantum cryptography, as it is best known example of quantum cryptosystems work.  An important and unique property of quantum key distribution is the ability of the two communicating users to detect the presence of any third party trying to gain knowledge of the key. An important property of the quantum key is that the two users can detect any attempt to gain access to the key to a quantum key.  This results from a fundamental aspect of quantum mechanics: the process of measuring a quantum system in general disturbs the system. Measurements in general disturb quantum systems in general. This is a result of the process being disturbed by the measurement of a quantum quantum system. The study was published in The Astronomy of the World on Monday, July 28, at the University of Cambridge.  A third party trying to eavesdrop on the key must in some way measure it, thus introducing detectable anomalies. The key must be measured by a third party, so it can be detected by an eavesdropping third party. A key key can be used to communicate with a key key, but the key has no way of knowing what it is.  By using quantum superpositions or quantum entanglement and transmitting information in quantum states, a communication system can be implemented that detects eavesdropping. The technology can be used to detect eavesdropping by sending information in superpospositions and entanglements in a quantum state.  If the level of eavesdropping is below a certain threshold, a key can be produced that is guaranteed to be secure. Key can be made that the eavesdropper has no information about it. Key key can also be produced if the eavesdropping level is below the threshold.  Otherwise no secure key is possible, and communication is aborted. Communication is aborted when a secure key cannot be secured. A secure key can only be used to communicate with a secure secure key. The key is then used to send a secure message to the recipient of the key to the device.  The security of encryption that uses quantum key distribution relies on the foundations of quantum mechanics. This is in contrast to traditional public key cryptography, which relies on computational difficulty of certain mathematical functions, and cannot provide any mathematical proof as to the complexity of reversing the one-way functions used. QKD has provable security based on information theory, and forward secrecy. QKD is based on the information theory of information theory. It is a non-interactive version of the original version of this version of QKDD. QKKD was released in September 2011.  Main drawback of quantum-key distribution is that it usually relies on having an authenticated classical channel of communication. The main drawback is that quantum key distribution relies on an authenticated channel of communications. Quantum-key encryption is a form of encryption that can only be used with a classical channel to communicate with the key.  In modern cryptography, having an authenticated classical channel means that one already has exchanged either a symmetric key of sufficient length or public keys of sufficient security level. In modern cryptology, this means that the user has already exchanged either symmetric public keys or symmetric symmetric private keys.  In practice one can achieve authenticated and sufficiently secure communication without using QKD, such as by using the Galois/Counter Mode of the Advanced Encryption Standard. With such information already available, in practice it can be used to communicate with others without QKKD.  QKD does the work of a stream cipher at many times the cost of stream cipher. It does the same work as stream cipher, but it is often more expensive than stream ciphering. QKKD is known as \"QKD\" and a \"Stream cipher\" for example. Quantum key distribution is used to produce and distribute only a key, not to transmit any message data. Quantum key distribution uses a key to produce a key and distribute a key. Quantum keys are used to make and distribute messages, not transmit any data data. The key is produced and distributed only by a key that is not used to transmit messages.  This key can be used with any chosen encryption algorithm to encrypt (and decrypt) a message, which can then be transmitted over a standard communication channel. This key is then used to encrypt and decrypt a message using any chosen algorithm. The key can then use to encrypt a message and decrypt it.  The algorithm most commonly associated with QKD is the one-time pad, as it is provably secure when used with a secret, random key. The algorithm is known to be provably\u00a0secure\u00a0when used with the secret key. It is provable secure when using a secret or random key with the key.  In real-world situations, it is often also used with encryption using symmetric key algorithms like the Advanced Encryption Standard algorithm. In the real world, symmetric encryption is also used to encrypt encryption in real-life situations, such as in the U.S. It is often used in encryption with symmetric keys.  Quantum communication involves encoding information in quantum states, or qubits, as opposed to classical communication's use of bits. Quantum key exchange involves exchanging information in qubits instead of bits, or bits, in a quantum state or state of qubits. Quantum communication is a form of communication that uses quantum state states to encode information.  Usually, photons are used for these quantum states. The quantum state states are known as quantum states by quantum physicists. The state of quantum quantum states is known as \"quantum quantum states\" The state states can be found in quantum states with photons, or photons, in quantum physics. Quantum key distribution exploits certain properties of these quantum states to ensure its security. Quantum key distribution uses these properties to ensure the security of the key. Quantum state is a quantum state of quantum state that can only be found in quantum state quantum states. The key is used to distribute quantum state keys to secure the key's secrets.  There are several different approaches to quantum key distribution, but they can be divided into two main categories depending on which property they exploit. Quantum keys can be split into two different types depending on how the key is distributed. Quantum key distribution can be used to share quantum keys in quantum encryption.  In contrast to classical physics, the act of measurement is an integral part of quantum mechanics. Measurements are made in quantum physics, rather than classical physics. In quantum mechanics, measurements are made by measurement rather than measurements in the way of measurement. Measurement is a key component of quantum physics and is essential to quantum physics.  In general, measuring an unknown quantum state changes that state in some way. Measurements of unknown quantum states change the state of an unknown state. Measurement changes the quantum state of a quantum state in a way that is not known to be known to the public. In the past, measurements of quantum states have led to changes in the quantum world.  Entanglement based protocols are based on quantum indeterminacy. They can be used to detect eavesdropping on communication and calculate the amount of information that has been intercepted. This can be exploited in order to detect any eavesdropping (which necessarily involves measurement) and, more importantly, to calculate how much of the information has been received.  Entanglement means that, for example, performing a measurement on one object affects the other. This is known as entanglement and means that. performing a. measurement on an object affects. the other, such as a measurement of an object or an object, can also affect the two.  If an entangled pair of objects is shared between two parties, anyone intercepting either object alters the overall system, revealing the presence of the third party. These two approaches can each be further divided into three families of protocols: discrete variable, continuous variable and distributed phase reference coding.  Discrete variable protocols were the first to be invented, and they remain the most widely implemented. They were created in the 1970s and are still widely implemented today. Discretive variable protocols are the most commonly used method of transmitting data from the Internet. They are now the world's most widely-accepted protocols.  The other two families are mainly concerned with overcoming practical limitations of experiments. The other three families are concerned with overcome practical limitations on experiments. Inventors are concerned mainly about overcoming practical limits of experiments in their own way of creating new scientific discoveries. The others are concerned about overcoming the limitations of their experiments.  The two protocols described below both use discrete variable coding. Both protocols use discrete variables in order to communicate with each other. The protocols are based on the use of discrete variable codes. They are designed to communicate in a manner that can be easily coded in the same way as other protocols.  The BB84 protocol was created by Charles H. Bennett and Gilles Brassard in 1984. It was originally described using photon polarization states to transmit the information. The protocol was originally known as BB84 after its inventors and year of publication. It is now known as the BB86 protocol.  Many optical-fibre-based implementations described as BB84 use phase encoded states. However, any two pairs of conjugate states can be used for the protocol. The protocol is based on the state of a pair of phase states, or a state of phase encoded state.  The sender (traditionally referred to as Alice) and the receiver (Bob) are connected by a quantum communication channel which allows quantum states to be transmitted. The sender is known as Alice, or Alice, and Bob, the receiver is called Bob. The channel is used to communicate quantum states in quantum communication.  In the case of photons this channel is generally either an optical fibre or simply free space. This channel is either optical fibre, or simply a free space channel. The channel is used to transmit photons from the photons to the light of the light. The photons are generally either optical or free space, or optical fibre.  In addition they communicate via a public classical channel, for example using broadcast radio or the internet. In addition, they use the internet or broadcast radio to communicate with each other. They also use public classical channels such as broadcast radio and internet to communicate. The BBC has hosted a number of classical classical performances in the past.  The protocol is designed with the assumption that an eavesdropper (referred to as Eve) can interfere in any way with the quantum channel, while the classical channel needs to be authenticated. The security of the protocol comes from encoding the information in non-orthogonal states.  Quantum indeterminacy means that quantum states cannot be measured without disturbing the original state. Quantum quantum states are indeterminate states that cannot be easily measured. No-cloning means that the state cannot be recreated without disturbing it's original state (see No-Cloning theorem)  BB84 uses two pairs of states, with each pair conjugate to the other pair, and the two states within a pair orthogonal to each other. The two states in BB84 are conjugated states, each conjugating to the same pair of states.  Pairs of orthogonal states are referred to as a basis. The basis is the state of a state or state. Pairs are used to determine the state or territory of a given state. A basis is a basis for each state or place in a state of state.  The usual polarization state pairs used are either the rectilinear basis of vertical (0\u00b0) and horizontal (90\u00b0) or the diagonal basis of 45\u00b0 and 135\u00b0. The circular basis of left- and right-handedness is used to determine polarization states.  Any two of these bases are conjugate to each other, and so any two can be used in the protocol. Any two bases can be conjugated to use in any protocol. The protocol is based on the two bases of each of these conjugates, and the two are used in each of them.  The rectilinear and diagonal bases are used for this article. It is based on a series of images of the world's tallest tallest buildings. The bases are shown to be rectiline and diagonal. The rectileinear is used to represent the tallest building in the world.  First step in BB84 is quantum transmission. First step is to transmit quantum signals using quantum technology. BB84 was created by the University of Cambridge, Massachusetts, in 2010. BB85 is the first step in quantum communication technology to use quantum computing. The first step will be the first in quantum computing technology to be used in quantum communications.  Alice creates a random bit (0 or 1) and then randomly selects one of her two bases (rectilinear or diagonal in this case) to transmit it in. Alice creates the random bit and then selects a random base (rectileinear) to send it in.  She then prepares a photon polarization state depending on the bit value and basis, as shown in the adjacent table. The state of the polarization state is then known as a polarization state. The polarization state depends on both the bit and bit value of the bit, and the basis of polarization.  A 0 is encoded in the rectilinear basis (+) as a vertical polarization state, or a 1 is encoded as a 135\u00b0 state. A 1 in the diagonal basis (x) is encoded  as a state that is 135\u00b0. A 0 in the diagonal basis is encoded with a 0 as a polarization state.  Alice transmits a single photon in the state specified to Bob, using the quantum channel. Alice then transmits the photon to Bob in the quantum state using the channel. The photon is then sent to Bob using a quantum channel to transmit the state of the photon in which it is sent.  This process is repeated from the random bit stage, with Alice recording the state, basis and time of each photon sent. Alice records each photon's state and the time it is sent. This process then repeats the process, with each photon being sent from the same state and time.  According to quantum mechanics, no possible measurement distinguishes between the 4 different polarization states, as they are not all orthogonal. No possible measurement could distinguish between the four polarization states. No measurement can distinguish between polarization states as they do not all have orthogonomally orthogonic states.  The only measurement is between any two orthogonal states (an orthonormal basis) The only possible measurement of a state is between a state and a state (ororonormal state) The state is a state that has no relation to the state of any other state. The state must be between any state and any state that does not have a relation to any state.  Measurement in the rectilinear basis gives a result of horizontal or vertical. Measurement is based on a rectilinal basis. Measurements in rectilinsular basis give results of vertical or horizontal or horizontal. The rectilinian basis gives the result of a measurement of a length of two dimensions.  If the photon was created as horizontal or vertical (as a rectilinear eigenstate) then this measures the correct state. But if the photon is created as 45\u00b0 or 135\u00b0 (diagonal eigenstates) then the measurement returns either horizontal or vertically at random.  After this measurement the photon is polarized in the state it was measured in (horizontal or vertical), with all information about its initial polarization lost. The photon is now polarized in its vertical or horizontal state, with all of the information lost from the initial polarization of the photon.  As Bob does not know the basis the photons were encoded in, all he can do is to select a basis at random to measure in, either rectilinear or diagonal. As Bob doesn't know what the basis of the photons are encoded, he can only measure them at random.  He does this for each photon he receives, recording the time, measurement basis used and measurement result. He records the time and measurement basis of each photon received. He also records the measurement result for every photon received by the light he receives. He then records the amount of light he received and the measurement results.  After Bob has measured all the photons, he communicates with Alice over the public classical channel. Bob and Alice communicate with each other over the classical channel after measuring all photons. After measuring all of the photons Bob has spoken to Alice, he sends her a message to the public.  Alice broadcasts the basis each photon was sent in, and Bob the basis of each was measured in. Alice broadcasts each photon as a result of each photon being sent in. Bob broadcasts each of the photons as they are measured in by Alice. Alice broadcast each photon to Bob, who broadcasts the results of the experiment.  They both discard photon measurements (bits) where Bob used a different basis, which is half on average, leaving half the bits as a shared key. Both discard photons using the same basis, so the key is shared. The key is the key to the key, and it is shared by Bob and Bob.  To check for the presence of an eavesdropper, Alice and Bob now compare a subset of their remaining bit strings to a predetermined subset of the remaining bits. Alice now compares a subset to Bob to Alice's previous bit strings. Alice then compares the remaining bit string to Bob's next bit string.  If a third party (usually referred to as Eve, for \"eavesdropper\") has gained any information about the photons' polarization, this introduces errors in Bob's measurements. If Eve gains any information on the polarization of the photons, this leads to errors in measurements.  Other environmental conditions can cause errors in a similar fashion. Environmental conditions can also cause errors such as rain, humidity, humidity and other environmental conditions to cause errors, such as heat and humidity, can also be caused by environmental conditions such as water and light pollution, as well as weather.  If bits differ they abort the key and try again, possibly with a different quantum channel, as the security of the key cannot be guaranteed. If more than more than one of the bits differ, the key is used to try again with a new quantum channel. The key is then used to send the key back to the sender and send it back to sender.  Privacy amplification can be used to reduce Eve's knowledge of the key to an arbitrarily small amount at the cost of reducing the length. The number of bits known to Eve is chosen to be less than this. This is chosen so that if the number of bit that Eve knows is less, privacy amplification can't be used.  Artur Ekert's scheme uses entangled pairs of photons. E91 protocol uses entangled pair of photons to communicate entangled pairs. Ekert (1991) used the scheme to communicate with entangled photons in a quantum-Quantary quantum computing scheme. The scheme was developed in the 1970s and 1980s.  These can be created by Alice, by Bob, or by some source separate from both of them, including eavesdropper Eve. Alice can create these creations by Bob or Alice. Eve can eavesdrop on Alice, Bob or Eve, but Eve can also eavesdrop.  The photons are distributed so that Alice and Bob each end up with one photon from each pair. Alice ends up with a photon from the pair of photons. Bob and Alice end up having one photon each from each of the pair. The photons were distributed in the way that Alice ended up with the photons.  The scheme relies on two properties of entanglement. The scheme is based on entanglements between the two parties involved in the scheme. It is the first time the scheme has been allowed to be allowed to take part in a scheme that allows the scheme to take place.  The entangled states are perfectly correlated in the sense that if Alice and Bob both measure whether their particles have vertical or horizontal polarizations, t t. The entangled state is perfectly correlated. The states are entangled states that are correlated in a way that they are entangled in the way that their particles are polarized. ",
  "44": " Cars 2 is a 2011 American animated spy comedy film. It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures. It is a sequel to \"Cars 2\" and was released in March 2011. It has been released by Pixar and Walt Disney's Pixar Animation Studio.  It is the sequel to Cars (2006), the second film in the Cars franchise, and the 12th animated film from the studio. The film is the second sequel to the 2006 film Cars, the second Cars sequel to 2006's Cars. It was released in December 2010.  The film was directed by John Lasseter (in his final outing as director of a Pixar film to date), co-directed by Brad Lewis, produced by Denise Ream, and written by Ben Queen, Lasset, Lewis, and Dan Fogelman. The film is the first Pixar movie to be released by Pixar.  In the film's ensemble voice cast, Owen Wilson, Larry the Cable Guy, Tony Shalhoub, Guido Quaroni, Bonnie Hunt, and Bonnie Hunt reprise their roles from the first film. Owen Wilson also reprises his role in the film with the voice cast.  George Carlin, who previously voiced Fillmore, died in 2008, and his role was passed to Lloyd Sherr. Carlin's role in Fillmore has been passed to Sherr, who voiced the character since his death in 2008. Sherr's role has since been passed on to Lloyd\u00a0Sherr.  Michael Caine, Emily Mortimer, John Turturro, Eddie Izzard, and Thomas Kretschmann join them. They are joined by newcomers to the cast, including John Tururro and Emily Mortimimim. The series is due to be released on November 25, 2015.  Lightning McQueen and Mater head overseas to compete in the first ever World Grand Prix promoting a new alternative fuel called Allinol. Mater accidentally becomes involved in international espionage that could determine both his and Lightning's fate. The film is based on the book, \"Lightning McQueen\"  Cars 2 was first announced in April 2008 with a tentative 2012 release date. It is the second Pixar film to spawn a sequel after Toy Story (1995), as well as becoming a franchise. Cars 2 is set to be the second sequel to be made by Pixar since Toy Story was released in 1995.  Lasseter was confirmed to be returning as director, while Lewis was designated as co-director in June 2010. The film is set to be released later this year on Blu-Ray in the UK. Lasset was confirmed as director in 2010 to return to directing the film.  The film was conceived by Lasseter while he was traveling around the world promoting the first film. The film's story was conceived while he traveled the world to promote the original film. Lasset's first film was released in 2009. The first film is the first time the film has been released in theaters.  Michael Giacchino composed the film's score, with artists such as Weezer, Robbie Williams, Brad Paisley and B\u00e9nabar contributing tracks for the film. The film was released in October 2013. It is the first time the film has been released in cinemas worldwide.  This was the final Pixar film animated with their old software system, Marionette, before being officially replaced with Presto in 2012. This was Pixar's final animated film animated using Marionette. Marionette was officially replaced by Presto, a new software system that was released in 2011.  With an estimated budget of $200 million, Cars 2 is one of the most expensive films ever made. Cars 2 was made with an estimated $200million budget. The film is currently being released on Blu-Ray in cinemas and on DVD, Blu-ray and DVD.  Cars 2 premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Los Angeles on June 18, 2011. It was released in the United States on June 24, in Disney Digital 3D and IMAX 3D as well as traditional two-dimensional and three-D formats. The film was released worldwide in June 2011.  Cars 2 continued Pixar's streak of box office success, grossing over $559 million worldwide. It became the tenth-highest-grossing film of 2011 and the highest-grossed film of the Cars trilogy. Despite receiving mixed reviews from critics, Cars 2 was the highest grossing film in the trilogy.  The film was nominated for Best Animated Feature Film at the 69th Golden Globe Awards, but lost to The Adventures of Tintin. The film won the Golden Globe Award for Animated Feature Feature Film. It was the first animated feature film to be nominated for the award.  A sequel, Cars 3, was released on June 16, 2017. Cars 3 will be released on December 17, 2017. A sequel is due out in June 2018. The movie is expected to be released in December 2015, with a sequel released in June 2017, and a third is expected in 2017.  British spy Finn McMissile infiltrates an oil rig owned by lemon cars to rescue fellow spy Leland Turbo. Finn infiltrates the oil rig to rescue his fellow spy, who is rescued by a criminal car gang. Finn and Leland are rescued by the lemon cars gang.  He witnesses the lemons, seemingly led by weapons designer Professor Z\u00fcndapp, loading an electromagnetic pulse generator, disguised as a TV camera, onto a shipping crate. The lemons are led by the weapons designer, and the device is loaded with a television camera.  Finn's presence gets exposed to the lemons, and he escapes by faking his death. After discovering Turbo's death, Finn finds Turbo's presence exposed to lemons and escapes. He fakes his death to escape from Turbo's body, but is killed by a trap.  Lightning McQueen returns to Radiator Springs to spend his off-season with his friends. McQueen won his fourth Piston Cup, his fourth title in the sport's history. He will spend the rest of the season with friends and family at the racetretracks.  Italian Formula race car Francesco Bernoulli challenges Lightning to participate in the World Grand Prix. Sir Miles Axlerod intends to promote his new environmentally friendly fuel, Allinol. The event is a three-race event created by former oil tycoon turned electric car Sir Miles.  Lightning and his best friend Mater depart for Tokyo, where the first race takes place. Luigi, Guido, Fillmore and Fillmore join Lightning for the first time in Tokyo. Luigi and Guido also join Lightning and Mater in the team-up for the race.  At a World Grand Prix promotional event, Mater makes a scene after eating wasabi and seemingly leaking on stage, embarrassing Lightning. Mater appears to eat wasabi at the end of the event. The incident is the first time Mater has made a public appearance in a Grand Prix.  While cleaning up, Mater interrupts a fight between American spy Rod \"Torque\" Redline and lemons Grem and Acer. Mater interrupted the fight with American spy Torque Redline, who was killed in the fight. Grem, Acer, Acer and Acer are fighting in the aftermath of the battle.  Redline plants his tracking device on Mater, causing Finn McMissile and his associate Holley Shiftwell to mistake Mater for the spy. Mater's tracking device causes the spy to mistake him for Mater. Finn and Holley shiftwell mistake Finn for the Spy.  Redline is captured and killed by Z\u00fcndapp, who reveals that Allinol ignites when hit with an EMP. Redline was killed by Redline, who was captured and later killed by the assassin. Redlines: Redline: \"Allinol is a weapon that can be detonated by an EMP\"  He informs his superior, an unknown mastermind, that Redline passed on his information. He then informs him that he has been informed by Redline. Redline passes on the information to his superior in order to get him to the top. He is then sent to avenge Redline's death.  Holley finds and recruits Mater to stop Z\u00fcndapp's plot. Mater joins Holley and Mater in the fight to stop the plot. Holley discovers Mater's plan to save Mater from Z\u00fcdapp's death. The series is expected to be released in December 2015.  During the race, three racers are ignited by the camera. Three racers were ignited by a camera during the race. The camera captures the race in the middle of a race in New York City, New York, on October 31, 2013. The race is the first time the camera has captured the race on camera.  Lightning places second in the race after Bernoulli, due to miscommunication with Mater, who was evading Z\u00fcndapp's henchmen. Mater places second after Z\u00fcundapp evades Mater's henmen, who is evading the henchman. Lightning is the only person to reach the top of the leader's podium.  Mater is abducted by Finn, and they escape from the lemons in his jet, Siddley. Finn and Mater escape in Siddley's jet. Mater and Finn escape from Finn's jet, and escape from lemons on his jet. The film is based on the novel \"Siddley\" and \"Mater\"  Finn and Tomber travel to Porto Corsa, Italy, for the second race. They gather intel from Finn's old friend Tomber in Paris to gather intel on the race. The Finn brothers head to Italy, where the race takes place in a bid to win the title.  During the race, Mater infiltrates the lemons' meeting, just as the camera ignites some more racers, causing a multi-car pile-up, while Lightning wins. Lightning wins, while Mater enters the race and Mater is seen in the race.  Axlerod lifts its requirement for use in the final race in London after controversy over Allinol's safety. Due to controversy over the safety of the product, Axelod lifted its requirement to use it in the race. Axerod lift its requirement from use in London final race after controversy.  When Lightning decides to continue using it, the lemons plan to kill him in the race. Lightning decides not to use it, but instead uses it to win a race. The lemons decide to kill Lightning if he continues using it. Lightning wins the race, but they kill him if he does not use it.  This spooks Mater, and accidentally blows his cover, causing him, Finn, and Holley to be captured and tied up inside Big Bentley. He admits to them that he is not the spy they think he is. Mater and Finn are tied up in Big Bentley, where he admits to being a spy.  When the race starts, Lightning takes the lead before passing Big Bentley, but the camera is inexplicably defective on him. Big Bentley passes Lightning in the final race, but Lightning is unable to pass Big Bentley in the first half of the race because of the camera malfunctioning.  The lemons tell Mater that they planted a time bomb in Lightning's pits as a backup plan, spurring him to escape. Mater tells Mater they planted the bomb in the pits. The time bomb spurs Lightning to escape from Mater's pit.  Finn and Holley escape but realize that the bomb was fitted on Mater's air filter instead. The bomb is fitted on the filter instead of the air filter. Finn escapes with Holley and Finn and Mater. Mater and Finn escape but Mater is killed by the bomb.  As Mater flees down the track, Lightning pursues him to apologize for his outburst. Finn apprehends Z\u00fcndapp, while Finn arrests Mater. Lightning and Finn pursue Mater as he apologizes for the outburst. Lightning apprehends Mater, Finn and Mater apprehends Finn.  The other lemons arrive and outnumber Finn, Holley, Mater, and Lightning, but they are rescued by the other Radiator Springs residents and Sarge's colleagues in the British Army. The British Army rescues Finn and Holley and Mater from the scene.  Mater exposes Axlerod as the mastermind, proven when he is forced to disable the bomb. Mater and Lightning go to Buckingham Palace, where Mater reveals the mastermind as the mastermind. Lightning and Mater go to the palace to disable a bomb. Lightning goes to the Palace to disable an explosive bomb, which Mater finds out.  It is then revealed that the World Grand Prix was his cover-up to turn the world against alternative fuels. It was revealed that he was covering up the events in order to get the world to turn against alternative fuel. It is revealed that this was a cover up to turn world against alternatives fuels.  Mater reveals that the supposedly electric Axlerod was instead running on an old gasoline engine. Mater also reveals that he leaked oil in Tokyo and blamed it on Mater for leaking oil. The series finale is set to be released on Blu-Ray in November 2013.  After Axlerod and the lemons are arrested by the London police, Mater receives a knighthood from the Queen, and he and Lightning reconcile. Mater and Lightning are reunited and Mater is knighted and receives a posthumous gift from Queen.  Back in Radiator Springs, Fillmore reveals that Sarge has swapped Allinol with organic fuel, explaining the camera's ineffectiveness on Lightning. Mater tells everyone about his experience, as Fillmore says Sarge's organic fuel explains why the camera is ineffective.  A \"Radiator Springs Grand Prix\" is held, featuring the World Grand Prix contenders. The event is held in Radiadi Springs, Colorado, on June 28, 2009. The Grand Prix is held at Radiadio Springs Springs in Colorado, Colorado. It is the first Grand Prix of its kind held in Colorado.  Finn and Holley invite Mater to go on another mission, but he declines. Mater declines to join them in another mission. Finn's team defeats Mater in the final mission to defeat him in the end of the mission. The final mission ends in a cliffhanger.  While his weapons get confiscated, he keeps the rockets and speeds off with Lightning. Siddeley speeds into the distance with Lightning as he heads off with his rocket launcher. He keeps his weapons confiscated, but he keeps Lightning, just as Siddely speeds away with the rocket.  Much of the cast from the original Cars returned for the sequel, but three voice actors of the original film have died since its release. Three of the voice actors from the film's original film died in the wake of the sequel's release. The original Cars sequel was released in 1995, and the sequel is set to be released in 2015.  Joe Ranft (who voiced Red) died in an automobile accident on August 16, 2005, ten months before Cars (which was dedicated in memorial to him) was released. Therefore Red played no vocal role in the film, and therefore Red was not voiced in Cars.  George Carlin (who voiced Fillmore) died of heart failure on June 22, 2008, so Fillmore was voiced by Lloyd Sherr (who also voices Tony Trihull) Lloyd\u00a0Sherr\u00a0also voices Tony\u00a0Trihull\u00a0and also voices Fillmore.  Paul Newman (who voiced Doc Hudson) died of cancer on September 26, 2008. Paul Newman died from cancer in September 2008. He voiced the character in \"Doc Hudson's\" series of Doc Hudson. Newman voiced the characters in the series. Newman died in 2008 from cancer.  Lasseter said they would \"see how the story goes with Doc Hudson\" after Newman's death. After Newman died, Lasset said they'd \"see [how] the story go with Doc. Hudson\" The series is set to run on PBS' \"Big Brother Brother\" on May 1.  Doc was implied to have died a few years before the events of Cars 2. Doc was eventually dropped, and implied to be dead before Cars 2 was released. The movie was released in 2010, with a trailer for Cars 2 and a sequel to Cars 3. The film was released on December 26, 2010.  In international versions of the film, Jeff Gorvette is replaced with race car drivers better known in the specific countries in his dialogue scenes. However, he still appears as a competitor in the film's international versions. In the international versions, he is replaced by a race car driver known in specific countries.  Mark Winterbottom as Frosty (Australian release) Fernando Alonso as Fernando Alonso (Spanish release) Vitaly Petrov (Russian release) Jan Nilsson as Flash (Swedish release)Memo Rojas (Latin American release) In Brazil, Gorvette is replaced by Carla Veloso in his dialogue scenes.  Sportspeople still appear, with Lewis Hamilton becoming Formula One champion Emerson Fittipaldi. Sports announcers Jos\u00e9 Trajano and Luciano do Valle still appear. Brent Mustangburger and David Hobbscap were done by sports announcers\u00a0Josio Trajana and Lucian do Valre.  Cars is the second Pixar film, after Toy Story, to have a sequel as well as becoming a franchise. The film is set to be the second film to become a franchise, with a sequel and a sequel to Toy Story. It is the first film in Pixar's history to have two sequels and one sequel.  John Lasseter, the director of the film, stated that he conceived the sequel's story while traveling around the world promoting the first film. John said he came up with the idea while promoting the original film. The sequel is set to be released on July 26, 2015.  He said: 'I kept looking out thinking, 'What would Mater do in this situation, you know?' He said he kept thinking of what would 'Mater do' if he had been in the hospital. He added: 'What do you think Mater would do? What would she do?'  I could imagine him driving around on the wrong side of the road in the UK, going around in big, giant traveling circles in Paris, on the autobahn in Germany, dealing with the motor scooters in Italy, trying to figure out road signs in Japan.  Pixar unveiled its latest animation slate in April 2008. Cars 2 is scheduled for a summer 2012 release. Cars is scheduled to be released in the summer of 2012, with Cars 2 scheduled for release in summer 2012. Pixar's Cars 2 will be the first Cars movie to be made by Pixar Animation Studios.  Brad Lewis, who had served as producer on Ratatouille, was announced as the film's director. Brad Lewis had previously served as a producer on the film. The film is due to be released in September 2015 and will be released on October 26, 2015.  In 2009, Disney registered several domain names, hinting to audiences that the title and theme of the film would be in relation to a \"World Grand Prix\" In November 2010, the film's synopsis was announced, revealing the espionage racing storyline. Jake Mandeville-Anthony, a U.K. screenwriter, sued Disney and Pixar alleging copyright infringement and breach of implied contract.  In his complaint he alleged that Cars and Cars 2 are based in part on work that he had submitted in the early 1990s. He sought an injunction to stop the release of Cars 2 and requested actual or statutory damages. In the complaint he also sought a restraining order against Cars 2.  Disney responded to the lawsuit, denying \"each and every one of\" the allegations. Disney responded in May 2011 to the suit, denying each of the claims. The lawsuit was settled on May 13, 2011, and Disney denied all of the allegations against them. Disney has since denied the allegations, saying they are untrue. ",
  "45": " Grid energy storage (also called large-scale energy storage) is a collection of methods used for energy storage on a large scale within an electrical power grid. Grid Energy Storage is also known as large scale energy storage. It is used to store large amounts of energy storage in large quantities of electricity.  Energy stored during times when electricity is plentiful and inexpensive, or when demand is low, is later returned to the grid when electricity prices are high. Energy stored in times of low demand and low electricity prices, such as when intermittent power sources such as renewable electricity from wind power, tidal power and solar power, can be stored during periods of high demand.  As of 2020, the largest form of grid energy storage is dammed hydroelectricity, with both conventional hydroelectric generation as well as pumped-storage hydroelectric power. Developments in battery storage have enabled commercially viable projects to store energy during peak production and release during peak demand.  Green hydrogen, generated from electrolysis of water via electricity generated by renewables, is a more economical means of long-term renewable energy storage than pumped-storage hydroelectricity or batteries. Two alternatives to grid storage are the use of peaking power plants and demand response to shift load to other times.  Any electrical power grid must match electricity production to consumption, both of which vary drastically over time. Power grids must match production and consumption levels, which vary dramatically over the course of time. The benefits of the grid include the ability to monitor electricity production and electricity consumption. The grid is a good way to monitor energy consumption and electricity production.  Any combination of energy storage and demand response has these advantages. Fuel-fuel-based power plants (i.e. fuel-based plants) have these advantages: Storage and demand-response can also be used to control demand response. Storage and response can be used in the future to control energy production.  Coal, oil, gas, nuclear can be more efficiently and easily operated at constant production levels. Electricity generated by intermittent sources can be stored and used later, whereas it would otherwise have to be transmitted for sale elsewhere, or shut down. The amount of electricity produced varies with time of day, moon phase, season, and random factors such as the weather.  In the absence of storage present special challenges to electric utilities. Renewable energy sources present challenges to utilities in absence of stored energy storage. The U.S. has a long history of fossil fuel storage failures in the past, including the failure of storage in the form of fossil fuels.  Solar is reliably not available at night, and tidal power shifts with the moon, so slack tides occur four times a day. While hooking up many separate wind sources can reduce the overall variability, solar is not reliable at night. Slack tides occur when solar power is not available during the night.  How much this affects any given utility varies from utility to utility. How much it affects any utility will depend on the amount of money it gives to the utility. The cost of utilities in the U.S. varies significantly from utility contracts to utility contracts. The amount of utility money it provides to utility customers depends on how much it provides.  More solar can generally be absorbed and matched to demand. In a summer peak utility, more solar can absorb and match demand. More solar is absorbed and matches demand in a peak period, experts say. In the summer peak, solar can be absorbed by more solar than demand.  In winter peak utilities, to a lesser degree, wind correlates to heating demand and can be used to meet that demand. Wind can also be used in the winter to meet winter heating demand, according to utilities. Wind correlates to a greater degree to the heating demand of winter utilities.  Grid-connected intermittent sources such as solar power and wind power tend to require investment in grid interconnections, grid energy storage or demand-side management. Beyond about 20\u201340% of total generation, intermittent sources tend to need grid interconnection or grid energy management.  In an electrical grid without energy storage, generation that relies on energy stored within fuels (coal, biomass, natural gas, nuclear) must be scaled up and down to match the rise and fall of electrical production from intermittent sources (see load following power plant) in an\u00a0electricity\u00a0grid.  While hydroelectric and natural gas plants can be quickly scaled up or down to follow the wind, coal and nuclear plants take considerable time to respond to load to load. Nuclear and coal plants take more time to react to load than hydroelectric or natural gas power plants, say experts.  Utilities with less natural gas or hydroelectric generation are more reliant on demand management. Grid interconnections or costly pumped storage are more likely to be needed for demand management, grid interconnectors or pumped storage. Hydroelectric generation is therefore more reliant upon demand management or grid inter-connections.  French consulting firm Yole D\u00e9veloppement estimates the \"stationary storage\" market could be a $13.5 billion opportunity by 2023. The market is expected to grow from $1 billion in 2015 to more than $13 billion in 2023, the firm says.  The demand side can also store electricity from the grid, for example charging a battery electric vehicle stores energy for a vehicle and storage heaters. District heating storage or ice storage provide thermal storage for buildings and district heating storage provides thermal storage. The demand-side management and grid storage can also be used to store electricity for vehicles and heating systems.  At present this storage serves only to shift consumption to the off-peak time of day, no electricity is returned to the grid. At present, this storage is only to move consumption away from peak hours of day. No electricity is sent back into the grid after consumption is shifted to peak hours.  The need for grid storage to provide peak power is reduced by demand side time of use pricing, one of the benefits of smart meters. Smart meters reduce the need for storage by charging time-of-use charges. The cost of grid storage is also reduced by the use of time-use pricing.  At the household level, consumers may choose less expensive off-peak times to wash and dry clothes, use dishwashers, take showers and cook. Consumers may also use less expensive time to wash, dry clothes and use dishwasher. Off-peak time is less expensive than when it's time to take showers or take a shower.  Commercial users will take advantage of cost savings by deferring some processes to off-peak times. Commercial and industrial users will also be able to save money by taking advantage of the savings. The move is expected to be a boon for commercial and industrial customers in the U.S.  Regional impacts from the unpredictable operation of wind power have created a new need for interactive demand response. The need is to communicate with the demand, where the utility communicates with the need to respond to the demand. The utility is responding to the region's regional impacts from unpredictable wind power operations.  Historically this was only done in cooperation with large industrial consumers, but now may now be expanded to entire grids. This may be done by large industrial customers, but it may now extend to entire grid grids. It is hoped this will be used to provide electricity to large industrial users, but may be expanded.  A few large-scale projects in Europe link variations in wind power to change industrial food freezer loads, causing small variations in temperature. For example, the temperature of an industrial freezer can be affected by wind power variations in air temperature. The project is one of the largest projects in the world to link wind power with industrial food.  Small changes to heating/cooling temperatures would instantly change consumption across the grid. If communicated on a grid-wide scale, small changes would be made to the energy grid. Small changes could be made across the entire grid, according to the study. The study was commissioned by the University of Cambridge University in 2010.  A report released in December 2013 by the United States Department of Energy further describes the potential benefits of energy storage and demand side technologies to the electric grid. Modernizing the electric system will help the nation meet the challenge of handling projected energy needs, including addressing climate change by integrating more energy from renewable sources.  Advances to the electric grid must maintain a robust and resilient electricity delivery system. Energy storage can play a significant role in meeting these challenges by improving the operating capabilities of the grid, lowering cost and ensuring high reliability, as well as deferring and reducing infrastructure investments, experts say.  Energy storage can be instrumental for emergency preparedness because of its ability to provide backup power as well as grid stabilization services. Energy storage has been described as an important tool for emergency preparation in the U.S. energy storage can also be instrumental in emergency preparedism because it provides backup power and grid stabilization.  The report was written by a core group of developers engaged in the development of grid energy storage. Sandia National Laboratories, Sandia and Pacific Northwest National Laboratory are among those involved in the report. The report is published by the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, ARPA-E, Office of Science, and Office of Technology.  Energy storage assets are a valuable asset for the electrical grid. Storage assets are valuable assets for grid applications. Energy storage is an important part of the grid's energy supply chain. Storage storage assets can be valuable assets to the grid grid, experts say. The storage assets will be used for grid purposes in the future, experts believe.  They can provide benefits and services such as load management, power quality and uninterruptable power supply. They can increase the efficiency and supply security of power supply to increase efficiency and security of the grid. They provide services such a load management and power quality, such as. load management.  This becomes more and more important in regard to the energy transition and the need for a more efficient and sustainable energy system. This is especially important for the future of the U.S. energy system, according to the experts. The U.N. agency is working to develop a sustainable and efficient energy system in the future.  Numerous energy storage technologies (pumped-storage hydroelectricity, electric battery, flow battery, flywheel energy storage, supercapacitor etc.) etc. Hydroelectricity can be pumped-storage\u00a0hydroelectricity\u00a0and electric battery. Hydro-electricity is a form of energy storage.  Are suitable for grid-scale applications, however their characteristics differ.are suitable for. grid scale applications, but differ from grid-sized applications to grid-size applications. The characteristics of these grids are very different from those used in grid-based grid-scorged applications.  Pumped-hydro stations are well suited for bulk load management applications due to their large capacity and power capabilities. They are also well suited to bulk load-management applications. Pumpsets are often used in bulk load load management and power-management projects such as\u00a0hydro\u00a0electricity\u00a0management.  However, suitable locations are limited and their usefulness fades when dealing with localized power quality issues. They are available only in suitable locations and can be used to deal with local power quality problems. However, they can be useful in dealing with local problems such as localized power issues.  Flywheels and capacitors are most effective in maintaining power quality but lack storage capacities to be used in larger applications. Flywhewheels are best for maintaining quality of power quality, but not storage capacity. Flywheelers are most\u00a0effective\u00a0in maintaining quality but have storage capacity to be\u00a0used\u00a0in larger applications.  These constraints are a natural limitation to the storage's applicability. The storage can be used in a variety of ways, such as in-built storage systems. Storage is a key component of the storage system, and the storage is limited by these constraints. Storage can also be used as a storage device in a range of ways to store data.  Studies have developed interest and investigated the suitability or selection of the optimal energy storage for certain applications. Several studies have been carried out on the subject of energy storage. Energy storage can be used for many applications such as water, electricity, water, and other forms of power storage.  Literature surveys comprise the available information of the state-of-the-art and compare the storage's uses based on current existing projects. The storage's use is based on the use of the storage system in the storage space. The surveys are based on available information from the storage storage system.  Other studies evaluate energy storage with each other and rank their fitness based on multiple-criteria decision analysis. Other studies rank energy storage energy storage systems based on their fitness. Energy storage is a key part of the energy storage process in the U.S. Study: Energy storage systems are a key component of energy storage.  Paper proposed evaluation scheme through investigation and modelling of storage as equivalent circuits. Paper proposes evaluation scheme by investigation of storage and modelling. Paper also proposed an evaluation scheme for the storage of equivalent circuits in a similar way. Paper proposed scheme to evaluate storage and storage of similar circuits in the future.  Indexing approach has also been suggested in a few studies, but is still in the novel stages. An indexing approach is also being suggested in some studies, though it is still still in its early stages. Indexing approaches are also being considered, but are still in novel stages, such as indexing.  In order to gain increased economic potential of grid connected energy storage systems, it is of interest to consider a portfolio with several services for one or more applications for an energy storage system. Consider a portfolio of services for several applications for one of these applications for the storage system, such as energy storage.  By doing so, several revenue streams can be achieved by a single storage and thereby also increasing the degree of utilization. The storage can also be used to increase the amount of time it takes for a storage to be used in a storage system. By using the storage system, the storage can be used for multiple storage purposes.  A combination of frequency response and reserve services is examined in, meanwhile load peak shaving together with power smoothing is considered in. Load peak shaving and power smoothed are also considered in, while load peak shave is considered. To mention two examples, here are some of the best examples.  One grid energy storage method is to use off-peak or renewably generated electricity to compress air. Air is usually stored in an old mine or some kind of geological feature. Off-peak electricity is used to compress compressed air, which is stored in old mines or geological features.  When electricity demand is high, compressed air is heated with a small amount of natural gas and then goes through turboexpanders to generate electricity. Compressed air storage is typically around 60\u201390% efficient. When energy demand is low, the compressed air can be heated with natural gas.  Liquid air can be stored and expanded when needed, turning a turbine, generating electricity. Liquid air has storage efficiency of up to 70%. Liquid gas can be compressed and cool air, turning it into liquid air, which can also be stored, and expanded to generate electricity. ",
  "46": " Cricket is a multi-faceted sport with different formats depending on the standard of play, the desired level of formality, and the time available. Cricket is one of the most complex forms of cricket, with different forms of play depending on how long it takes to play.  One of the main differences is between matches limited by time in which the teams have two innings apiece, and those limited by number of overs in which they have a single innings each. One main difference is between teams having two innings each and those having one innings each, which are limited by the time they have two overs each.  The former, known as first-class cricket if played at the senior level, has a scheduled duration of three to five days. The latter is known as limited overs cricket because each team bowls a limit of typically 50 overs, and has a planned duration of one day only.  A separate form of limited overs is Twenty20, originally designed so that the whole game could be played in a single evening (3 hours) in which each team has an innings limited to twenty overs. Twenty20 is a form of Twenty20 cricket in which the innings is limited to 20 overs.  Double innings matches usually have at least six hours of playing time each day, with formal intervals for lunch and tea, and additional brief informal breaks for drinks. Double innings games usually have a minimum of six hours per day of playing, with informal intervals for tea and tea breaks.  There is also a short interval between innings between innings. There is an interval between wickets and wickets. There are also short intervals between innings and innings. The game is played in the first innings of the Test series in New Zealand and Australia. It is the first time a Test match has been played in a Test cricket match in England.  Limited overs matches often last at least six hours, with similar intervals and breaks. Twenty20 Twenty20 matches are generally completed in under four hours. Limited overs games often last between six and eight hours. Twenty Twenty20 cricket matches are often completed in less than four hours per game.  T10 cricket is a newer version of the game, based on the principles of other limited overs formats, but with only 10 overs per innings. The total playing time is limited to 90 minutes, and the game is played in 90 minutes. The game is based on a similar format to cricket's limited overs format.  Local club cricket teams, which consist of amateur players, rarely play matches that last longer than a single day. These may loosely be divided into\u00a0declaration matches, in which a specified maximum time or number of overs is assigned to the game in total and the teams swap roles only when the batting team is completely dismissed or declared declared.  Indoor cricket is a variant of the sport played in sports halls during the winter months. It is played between 30 and 60 overs per side at the weekend and the 20-over format in the evenings. These matches will vary in length between 30-60 overs per team and 20 overs in the evening.  At lower levels, rules are often changed simply to make the game playable with limited resources, or to render it more convenient and enjoyable for the participants. Rules are often made to make it easier to play for limited resources or to be more convenient for the players. Rules can be changed at lower levels to make games more enjoyable.  Informal variants of the sport can be played almost anywhere, if there is enough space. The sport can also be played in the UK, Australia, Canada, Canada and Australia. It is also played in many other countries, such as Australia and New Zealand, where it is played.  Four forms of cricket have been played at what may be termed the highest international or domestic level of the game. The highest level of cricket is cricket at the international level of international and domestic cricket. Professional cricket is one of the four forms played at the highest levels of cricket.  Three are contested currently and one is historic. Three are currently contested currently. One is contested currently. One is historic. Three of the three are currently at the top of the world's highest level of international football. One of the four is contested at the highest level in the world.  There is no official term for this level of cricket collectively, although individual forms do have official designations and are defined by the International Cricket Council (ICC) Individual forms are designated by the IICC as an individual level. There is also no official name for the level of cricketer playing at this level level.  Highest standard cricket matches were routinely described as \"great\" or \"important\" before this became the official term for one type of cricket (see below) Highest standard matches were also called \"first-class\" before the official definition was agreed upon. In the past, before any official definition of cricket matches, they were routinely called \"great\", \"important\", or \"top-class\"; or even \"first class\" before that term was agreed.  \"minor cricket\" is a term used officially in England and Wales at least. Minor cricket is a cricketing term used in the UK at least, but it is not officially used in England or Wales. Minor cricketer is also a term for minor cricketers in the United States.  Matches played at the highest international and domestic levels are those in which players and/or teams of a recognized high standard are taking part. Matches are those of the highest level of football in the world and at international level level. Players and teams of high standards are playing at highest level level of international, domestic level.  In modern domestic cricket, domestic cricket includes first-class cricket, List A cricket and Twenty20 competitions for both men and women. It includes top-class Twenty20 cricket and top-flight Twenty20 competition for both women and men. Domestic domestic cricket is played in England, Australia, Australia and Ireland.  Test cricket, One Day Internationals and Twenty20 Internationals are variations of those forms within the international sphere. Test cricket is one of the most popular forms of cricket in the world. ODIs and T20Is are also known as T20Internationals. Test and ODI cricket is a form of cricket that is played in international cricket.  Top-class matches were those held by substantial sources to have historical significance including single wicket and those double innings matches without statistical significance: i.e., lacking scorecards and other statistical data. The top-class cricket matches are those without significant statistical data, such as scorecards or wickets.  Kent, Surrey and Sussex have histories commencing in the early 18th century. Kent and Surrey are the oldest known county teams in England. Sussex County Cricket Club is the oldest county team in the English cricket history. Kent County Cricket Team is one of the oldest teams in the world.  These counties had achieved a high standard long before their modern county clubs were founded (from 1839 to 1845) and so they have always had first-class status. These counties have always been first class, having achieved high standards long before they were founded in 1839 and 1845.  The concept of \"first-class cricket\" was officially defined in 1894. Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and County Championship clubs met in May 1894 to define the concept of first class cricket. MCC and the County Championship were the first club to officially define \"first class cricket\"  By 1895, several other counties had also been recognized as having first-class status, as had MCC itself from its foundation in 1787. Several other counties also had first class status as well as MCC. MCC was first established in the 17th century, having been established from 1787 to 1883.  County Championship clubs took part in the first seasonal knockout tournament in 1963. Sussex won the tournament, which was won by Sussex. The tournament was the first to be held in England's top-class limited overs cricket. Sussex were the first team to play in the knockout stages.  Sussex for example is classified as a List A team from 1963; and as a top-class Twenty20 team since 2003. Sussex have been a first-class county for more than 50 years. Sussex are now a Twenty20 Twenty20 side. Sussex play for the first team in the Twenty20 competition.  First-class cricket is a form of the game in which teams of a recognized high standard compete. Teams of high standards compete in a game of cricket in which they are recognized by a high standard. First class matches are played in cricket's highest-level cricket matches. First\u00a0class cricket matches are held in England, Australia and Australia.  Test cricket is first-class cricket at international level. The term \"first-class\" is habitually applied to domestic matches only. Test statistics are included in player's Test statistics. Test\u00a0statistics\u00a0are included in players' overall first class\u00a0statements.  A first-class match must have eleven players per side, two innings apiece and a scheduled duration of at least three days. First-class matches must have two innings each, two days and a minimum of three days per side. A match must also have a minimum number of eleven players and two innings per side of each side.  There have been instances of first-class matches being arranged for less than three days. However, there have been others with twelve or thirteen players per side. These are exceptional cases and form a tiny percentage of the whole. First-class cricket matches have been arranged for between three and five days.  If the game is not completed within the allotted time then it is drawn, regardless of who has scored the most runs when time expires. The game is played at the end of each innings at the top of the wicket-scoring order. If the match is not finished within the time allotted time, it is then drawn.  Limited overs matches in which the teams have only one innings each are not first-class. These cannot result in a draw (they can, however, result a tie or be declared a \"no result\" List A and Twenty20 cricket matches are also limited overs matches.  Test matches, other games between two Test nations, games between domestic teams deemed first-class in countries holding full membership of the ICC, and games between a Test nation's national side (or a team drawn from a national touring squad) are deemed to be first class.  A match between a leading ICC associate member and another team adjudged first class would be granted first-class status. Domestic matches in the associate member country are minor, but domestic matches in associate member countries are minor. ICC associate members are not allowed to play a match in their own country's domestic matches.  The origin of the term \"first-class cricket\" is unknown. It was used loosely for top-class eleven-a-side matches before it acquired its official status in 1894. The term was first used loosely before it was given official status as a cricket club.  At a meeting of the Imperial Cricket Conference (ICC) in May 1947, it was formally defined on a global basis. Subsequently, at a meeting in London in 1947, the ICC formally defined it as a global cricket club. The ICC was established at the end of the 1950s.  A key omission of both the MCC and ICC rulings was any attempt to define first-class cricket retrospectively. The ICC ruling stipulated in the ICC ruling that the definition \"will not have retrospective effect\" The MCC ruled that such a definition would not have a retrospective effect.  Historians and statisticians have subjectively classified chosen pre-1895 matches as first-class cricket matches. These are unofficial ratings and differences of opinion among the experts has led to variations in published cricket statistics. Historians have classified selected pre-19th century matches as 'first-class'  The main problem with \"first-class cricket\" is that it can be a misleading concept as it is essentially statistical. It may typically ignore the historical aspect of a match if statistical information is missing, as is invariably the case with matches played up to 1825. First class cricket matches were played between 1825 and 1914.  The recognition of any match as first-class by a substantial source qualifies it as such. It follows that the teams, venues and players involved in such matches before 1895 are the equivalent of first class teams and venues since 1895. However, the recognition of such matches by a significant source qualifies them as first class matches.  Substantial sources interested in 18th and 19th century cricket include Arthur Haygarth, F. S. Ashley-Cooper, H. T. Waghorn, G. B. Buckley, Roy Webber, John Arlott, Bill Frindall and various internet sites.  Roy Webber argued that the majority of matches prior to 1864 (i.e. the year in which overarm bowling was legalized) \"cannot be regarded as (statistically) first-class\" and their records are used \"for their historical associations\" Webber argues that the most important matches before 1864 are not included in the statistical record.  List A cricket is the second form of cricket which differs from first-class cricket. Teams play one inning each and are allowed a maximum number of overs per innings. Limited overs cricket is played with 40 to 60 overs per team, known statistically as List A. Teams are allowed to play one innings per innings and are limited to one innings.  Matches are scheduled for completion in a single day of play, though they can continue into a second day if impacted by bad weather. Matches can be completed in one day, though matches can be extended into a day if bad weather is affected. Matchets are scheduled to be completed by the end of the day, but matches can continue for a day longer.  Most cricketing nations have some form of domestic List A competition. List A is a one-in-a-one competition in cricketing countries. Cricketing nations also have some domestic cricketing competitions in List A competitions. Cricket Australia is one of the most successful countries in the world to play Test cricket.  The over limits range from forty to sixty. The over-limits range from 40 to sixty. The over limit is 40 to 60. The maximum over limits are set at 40. The limit is the maximum over a person with over limits of 60. It is the first time the over limits have been allowed to be extended.  The categorization of \"List A\" was only endorsed by the ICC in 2006. The Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians created it for the purpose of providing a parallel to first-class cricket in their record books. It was created to provide a parallel\u00a0to the first class cricket record book.  100-ball cricket is a form of cricket in which each team has an innings of at most 100 legal balls. Each team has at least 100 balls in their innings. 100 balls is 100 balls, 100 balls are at most legal balls, and 100 balls a ball is legal.  Ties are broken by having each team play a \"Super Five\", which is a 5-ball innings for each team. The Super Five is a five ball innings, a 5 ball innings each team plays in a series of five innings. Each team plays five balls at the end of each innings.  Subsequent Super Fives may be played if the first Super Five is tied. If the first five is tied, the Super Five will be played in the following five years. The first Super FIVE is played in a Super Five game if it is tied in the first game of Super Five.  This format is played professionally in The Hundred competition, which started in 2021 in England and Wales. It will be played professionally for the first time in the English and Welsh competition. The Hundred is a professional competition that will start in 2021. It is the first professional competition to be held in England or Wales.  Double wicket or \"pairs\" cricket is a form of cricket with two teams of two players each which are pitched against each other for a limited number of overs. The two teams are pitched together in a limited amount of overs to play each other in a cricket match.  A player getting out in this form of cricket does not retire but continues to bat but is penalized a stipulated number of runs for each time he gets out. A player gets out in such a cricket match is not retired but continues his bat but penalized for not retiring.  There have been a number of international double wicket cricket tournaments, between 1978 and 2001. Double wicket cricketer tournaments have been held in the past. There have also been international double-wicket tournaments held in 1978, 2001 and 2002. There has been a double-match cricket tournament held in England, Australia and Australia.  A very similar format was used in the Ultimate Kricket Challenge, held from 24 December 2020 to 1 January 2021 in Dubai. The Ultimate Cricket Challenge will take place in Dubai from December 2020 until January 2021. A similar format will be used in One-vs-One Cricket.  It was a one-on-one meeting with the mayor of New York City. It was the first time the mayor had been allowed to meet the mayor's wife. The mayor of the city was mayor of Manhattan, New York, New Jersey, in 2003. Mayor: \"It's a great city. It's a city. I love it. It is a city.\" ",
  "47": " Cryptography is the practice and study of techniques for secure communication in the presence of adversarial behavior. Cryptology is the study of cryptography, or cryptology, in the context of cryptology. Cryptography has been used as a tool to secure communication between people and computers in the past.  More generally, cryptography is about constructing and analyzing protocols that prevent third parties or the public from reading private messages. It's about constructing protocols that keep third parties and the public out of reading messages. More generally it's about creating protocols that allow third parties to read private messages.  Modern cryptography exists at the intersection of the disciplines of mathematics, computer science, information security, electrical engineering and electrical engineering, digital signal processing, physics, and others. Modern cryptography works at the intersections of mathematics and computer science and information security. It also works in the fields of information security and other sciences.  Core concepts related to  information security (data confidentiality, data integrity, authentication, and non-repudiation) are also central to cryptography. Core concepts    include data\u00a0confidentiality\u00a0, data\u00a0integrity\u00a0and non-receiptial\u00a0security\u00a0security.  Practical applications of cryptography include electronic commerce, chip-based payment cards, digital currencies, computer passwords, and military communications. The technology could be used in military communications, electronic commerce and digital currencies among other applications. Cryptography is a form of encryption that can be used to encrypt messages and passwords.  Cryptography prior to the modern age was effectively synonymous with encryption. Cryptography converted readable information (plaintext) to unintelligible nonsense text (ciphertext) which can only be read by reversing the process (decryption) Cryptography is effectively synonymous to encryption.  The sender of an encrypted (coded) message shares the decryption (decoding) technique only with the intended recipients to preclude access from adversaries. The technique is used in encrypted messages to prevent adversaries from accessing them. The sender and recipient of the encrypted message share the decoding (decryption) technique.  The cryptography literature often uses the names \"Alice\" (or \"A\") for the sender, \"Bob\" for the intended recipient, and \"Eve\" ( or \"E) for the eavesdropping adversary. The names are often used in cryptography literature to refer to the sender or intended recipient.  Since the development of rotor cipher machines in World War I and the advent of computers in WWII, cryptography methods have become increasingly complex and more varied. Since World War II, cryptography has become more complex and their applications have become more varied and more complex. Inventors were able to encrypt their messages with rotor machines in the early 1930s.  Modern cryptographic algorithms are designed around computational hardness assumptions, making such algorithms hard to break in actual practice by any adversary. Modern cryptography is heavily based on mathematical theory and computer science practice. Cryptography is based on computer science and mathematical theory. Cryptographic algorithms have been designed to be hard-to-break by an adversary.  While it is theoretically possible to break into a well-designed system, it is infeasible in actual practice to do so. While theoretically possible, it's impossible to break in to a well designed system, the system is too complex to be broken in practice. The system is designed so that it can be easily broken into.  Such schemes, if well designed, are therefore termed \"comcomputationally secure\" Such schemes are therefore called \"computable\u00a0secure\u00a0and\u00a0commissionationally\u00a0secure\" If well designed such schemes, such schemes are considered \"computing\u00a0secure\";\u00a0such schemes are \"committed\u00a0security\u00a0secure\".  Theoretical advances (e.g., improvements in integer factorization algorithms) and faster computing technology require these designs to be continually reevaluated and, if necessary, adapted. Designers are constantly reevaluating and adapting their designs to suit the needs of modern computing technology.  Information-theoretically secure schemes that provably cannot be broken even with unlimited computing power, such as the one-time pad, are much more difficult to use in practice than the best theoretically breakable but computationally secure schemes. Such schemes are difficult to break in practice in practice.  cryptographic technology has raised a number of legal issues in the Information Age. The growth of cryptographic technology raises questions about the legality of the use of encryption technology in the information age. The rise of cryptology has raised issues of privacy and property ownership in the U.S.  Cryptography's potential for use as a tool for espionage and sedition has led many governments to classify it as a weapon. Many governments have limited or even prohibit its use and export. Cryptography has been classified as a weapons weapon by many governments. It has been used in espionage, sedition and terrorism.  Laws permit investigators to compel the disclosure of encryption keys for documents relevant to an investigation. In some jurisdictions, the use of cryptography is legal, but it is not legal in the U.S. Lawmakers can use encryption keys to obtain information relevant to their investigations, such as the release of key encryption keys.  Cryptography also plays a major role in digital rights management and copyright infringement disputes with regard to digital media. Cryptography is used to manage digital rights and copyright disputes in digital media, such as film and television.Cryptography is also used in copyright disputes and rights management disputes.  The first use of the term \"cryptograph\" (as opposed to \"cryptogram) dates back to the 19th century. The term was coined from \"The Gold-Bug,\" a story by Edgar Allan Poe. Until modern times, cryptography referred almost exclusively to \"encryption\", which is the process of converting ordinary information into an unintelligible form.  Decryption is the reverse, in other words, moving from the unintelligible ciphertext back to plaintext. Decryption can be done in the same way as encrypting a ciphertext to get it back to the original plaintext. Decryption means the same thing as decrypting an encrypted ciphertext.  A cipher (or cypher) is a pair of algorithms that carry out the encryption and the reversing decryption of a cipher. A cypher is an algorithm that carries out both encryption and reverse decryption. A cipher or cypher can be used to encrypt and reverse encryption.  The detailed operation of a cipher is controlled both by the algorithm and, in each instance, by a \"key\". The operation of the cipher is the result of the algorithm or \"key\" The algorithm is controlled by both algorithm and the algorithm itself, and the key is used to control the operation of each cipher.  The key is a secret (ideally known only to the communicants) usually a string of characters. The string is needed to decrypt the ciphertext. It is usually short and short so it can be remembered by the user by the end of the encrypted message.  In formal mathematical terms, a \"cryptosystem\" is the ordered list of elements of finite possible plaintexts, finite possible cyphertexts and finite possible keys, and the encryption and decryption algorithms that correspond to each key. A cryptosystem is ordered by elements of the elements of each key and its encryption and encryption algorithms.  Keys are important both formally and in actual practice, as ciphers without variable keys can be trivially broken with only the knowledge of the cipher used. Keys are therefore useless (or even counter-productive) for most purposes, as they can be used in most cases.  Historically, ciphers were often used directly for encryption or decryption without additional procedures such as authentication or integrity checks. Ciphers are often used without authentication or checks such as integrity checks to encrypt or decrypt encryption or encryption. The encryption method is now widely used in encryption and decryption.  There are two main types of cryptosystems: symmetric and asymmetric. They are symmetric, asymmetric and symmetric. There are no symmetric or asymmetric cryptsystems in the world. Cryptosystem is symmetric; asymmetric, symmetric versions.  In symmetric systems, the same secret key encrypts and decrypts a message. The only ones known until the 1970s were symmetric encryption systems. The same secret keys encrypt and decrypt a message, such as the key, are used to encrypt and decrypt messages.  Data manipulation in symmetric systems is significantly faster than in asymmetric systems. Data manipulation can be faster in symmetrical systems than asymmetric ones. In asymmetric symmetric data manipulation, data manipulation is faster than data manipulation for asymmetric data. In symmetric algorithms, manipulation of data is faster when it is symmetric than when asymmetric algorithms.  Asymmetric systems use a \"public key\" to encrypt a message. A related \"private key\" is used to decrypt it. The public key is a key to encrypting a message and the private key to decrypting it. A key key can be used to encrypt or decrypt a message in asymmetric encryption.  The advantage of asymmetric systems is that the public key can be freely published, allowing parties to establish secure communication without having a shared secret key. The public key is freely published and can be used to communicate without the need to have a secret key to communicate with each other.  In practice, asymmetric systems are used to first exchange a secret key, and then secure communication proceeds via a more efficient symmetric system using that key. In practice it is used to use a symmetric key to secure communication with a secret secret key. The key is exchanged with the secret key and the key is then used to communicate with each other.  Diffie\u2013Hellman key exchange, RSA (Rivest\u2013Shamir\u2013Adleman), ECC (Elliptic Curve Cryptography) and Post-quantum cryptography are examples of asymmetric systems. Diffie-Hellman, RSA, ECC, and Post Quantum Cryptography are examples.  Secure symmetric algorithms include the commonly used AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) which replaced the older DES (Data Enc encryption Standard) The encryption algorithm is commonly used in secure symmetric encryption. The encryption standard has been replaced by the new encryption algorithm DES (DES encryption standard)  Insecure symmetric algorithms include children's language tangling schemes such as Pig Latin or other cant, and all historical cryptographic schemes, however seriously intended, prior to the invention of the one-time pad early in the 20th century. Insecure security algorithms include all\u00a0historical\u00a0cryptographic\u00a0comprises\u00a0previously\u00a0before\u00a0the invention\u00a0of the\u00a0initially\u00a0invented\u00a0one-time\u00a0pad in the\u00a020th\u00a0century.  In colloquial use, the term \"code\" is often used to mean any method of encryption or concealment of meaning. It is also often used in the context of encrypting or concealing meaning of a particular word. In the phrase 'code' is used to refer to encryption, encryption, concealment and concealment.  In cryptography, code has a more specific meaning: replacement of a unit of plaintext with a code word. For example, \"wallaby\" replaces \"attack at dawn\" for example. Code has a specific meaning in cryptography, replacing plaintext units with code words.  A cypher is a scheme for changing or substituting an element below such a level, such as a letter, a syllable, or a pair of letters, etc. cypher, in contrast, is a cypher. cypher means a scheme to change or substitute a letter or syllable below a level.  In order to produce a cyphertext, the author of the book is asked to produce an image of the author. The book is published in the U.S. National Geographic Geographic Geographic Adventurer magazine, \"Cyphertext\", and \"Cybergraphgraphgraphia\"  Cryptanalysis is the study of methods for obtaining the meaning of encrypted information without access to the key normally required to do so. The study of how to \"crack\" encryption algorithms or their implementations is often called cryptanalysis. Cryptanalysis can be used to study encryption algorithms and their implementations.  Some use the terms \"cryptography\" and \"cryptology\" interchangeably in English, while others (including US military practice generally) use them to refer specifically to the use and practice of cryptographic techniques. \"Cryptology\" is the combined study of cryptography and cryptanalysis.  English is more flexible than several other languages in which \"cryptology\" (done by cryptologists) is always used in the second sense above. English is a more flexible language than a few other languages where cryptology is used in a different sense of meaning. English cryptologists use the word cryptology in the first sense of language.  RFC 2828 advises that steganography is sometimes included in cryptology. The study of characteristics of languages that have some application in cryptography or cryptology (e.g. Steganography) is sometimes considered to be a form of cryptology in the study of languages such as English, French, German and Latin. frequency data, letter combinations, universal patterns, etc. etc. (frequency data) frequency data, letters, numbers, patterns, letters and numbers are based on letter combinations and patterns, such as universal patterns and universal patterns. frequency data is based on letters, frequencies, numbers and letters.frequency data is used to identify patterns and patterns.  Cryptolinguistics is cryptolinguistic linguistics. It is a form of linguistics known as cryptoinguistics. The term \"cryptolinguist\" is used to describe a language that can only be understood by a specific form of form of language. It can also be used to identify a specific group of people.  Cryptolingusitics is especially used in military intelligence applications for deciphering foreign communications. It is used to decipher foreign communications for military intelligence purposes. It was developed in the 1970s and 1980s for intelligence purposes in order to communicate with foreign intelligence agents. It has been used in more than 50 years in the world.  Before the modern era, cryptography focused on message confidentiality (i.e., encryption) This is when messages were converted from a comprehensible form into an incomprehensible one and back again at the other end. This conversion turns messages into incomprehensible ones, rendering it unreadable by interceptors or eavesdroppers without secret knowledge.  Encryption attempted to ensure secrecy in communications, such as those of spies, military leaders, and diplomats. Encryption was an attempt to keep secrecy in communication with spies, diplomats, and military leaders. It was used to encrypt communications in the hope of secrecy for spies and diplomats to communicate with each other.  In recent decades, the field has expanded beyond confidentiality concerns to include techniques for message integrity checking, sender/receiver identity authentication, digital signatures, interactive proofs and secure computation, among others. The field has also expanded beyond the confidentiality concerns of message integrity checks, such as sending/receiving identity authentication.  The main classical cipher types are transposition ciphers, which rearrange the order of letters in a message. Substitution ciphhers systematically replace letters with other letters or groups of letters. Ciphers are also known as'substitution' and 'transposition'.  Simple versions of either have never offered much confidentiality from enterprising opponents. Simple versions never offer much of the confidentiality from enteringprising opponents. Simple versions have never given much of a good reason to hide their identities from the public. Simple version of either has never been easy to use in the public eye.  An early substitution cipher was the Caesar cipher, in which each letter in the plaintext was replaced by a letter some fixed number of positions further down the alphabet. The Caesar cipher was used to replace letters in plaintext with letters in the alphabet in the early 1900s.  Suetonius reports that Julius Caesar used it with a shift of three to communicate with his generals. The move of three was used by Julius Caesar in his first year of the Roman Empire. Julius Caesar was known to have used the move with three shifts of three when communicating with generals.  Atbash is an example of an early Hebrew cipher. Atbash was an early version of the Hebrew language. It is an early form of a Hebrew cipher used by the early Hebrew community. It was first published in Hebrew in the early 1900s, and has been published since 2000s.  The earliest known use of cryptography is some carved ciphertext on stone in Egypt (c.\u20091900 BCE), but this may have been done for the amusement of literate observers rather than as a way of concealing information. It is thought to have been used for entertainment rather than to conceal information.  The Greeks of Classical times are said to have known of ciphers. The scytale transposition cipher claimed to have been used by the Spartan military. It is claimed to be used in the military of the Spartan army. The Greeks also said to be able to use the same type of cipher.  Steganography (i.e. hiding even the existence of a message so as to keep it confidential) was also first developed in ancient times. It was also used to hide messages so that they could be hidden in order to keep their identity confidential. The technique was first developed by ancient times in the ancient world of steganography.  An early example, from Herodotus, was a message tattooed on a slave's shaved head. The message was concealed under the regrown hair of the slave under the shaved head and concealed under it. An early version of the tattooed message was found on the slave's head.  Modern examples of steganography include the use of invisible ink, microdots, and digital watermarks to conceal information. Steganography is a form of digital art that conceals information using invisible ink or digital watermark technology. Inventive ink is also used to hide information from the public.  In India, the 2000-year-old Kamasutra of V\u0101tsy\u0101yana speaks of two different kinds of ciphers called Kautiliyam and Mulave. In India it speaks of a different kind of cipher known as Mulave, which is known as the Mulave cipher. ",
  "48": " The FIFA World Cup is an international association football competition between the senior men's national teams of the members of the F\u00e9d\u00e9ration Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) It is the sport's global governing body. FIFA is the world governing body of football.  The tournament has been held every four years since the inaugural tournament in 1930, with the exception of 1942 and 1946 due to the Second World War. The tournament was held in 1930 and is now being held in Australia and New Zealand. The first tournament was the inaugural in 1930.  Argentina won their third title at the 2022 tournament. The 2022 tournament will take place in 2022. Argentina are the reigning champions of the tournament, having won the tournament three times in the past. Argentina won the title in 2012, the first time they had won the competition in their history.  The contest starts with the qualification phase, which takes place over the preceding three years to determine which teams qualify for the tournament phase. The contest begins with the qualifying phase of each year's tournament. The tournament phase takes place in three years, with the winner chosen from each team qualifying for the final round.  32 teams compete for the title at venues within the host nation(s) over the course of about a month. The tournament phase is the tournament phase, with 32 teams competing at venues in the host nations' stadiums. 32 teams are competing in a month-long tournament to win the title.  The host nation(s) automatically qualify for the group stage of the tournament. The host nations are automatically qualified for the tournament's group stage. Hosts automatically qualify to play in the tournament for the first time in a row. The tournament is currently being held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.  The next FIFA World Cup is scheduled to expand to 48 teams for the 2026 tournament. The tournament is set to be expanded to 48 countries for the first time in 2026. FIFA is expected to expand the tournament to 48 nations for the second time in a row.  As of the 2022 FIFA World Cup, 22 final tournaments have been held since the event's inception in 1930. A total of 80 national teams have competed in the tournament, including Argentina, Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay, Argentina and Argentina. The tournament is the first ever to be held in the World Cup finals since the 1930s.  The trophy has been won by eight national teams. The trophy was awarded to eight teams from eight different countries. The tournament has been held by eight different national teams, including Argentina and Germany. The winner of the trophy has won the trophy for the first time since 1998.  Brazil, with five wins, are the only team to have played in every tournament. Brazil are currently the only nation to have won every tournament in Brazil. Brazil have won five of their five World Cup finals in Brazil, winning five of the last eight. Brazil also have won the last four of the World Cup, winning four and losing one.  Germany and Italy have won four World Cup titles each, with four titles each. Argentina, Argentina, France and Uruguay have won three World Cups each. England and Spain have won one World Cup, with one title each. Germany, Italy, France, Uruguay and England have won two World Cups, each with two titles.  The World Cup is the most prestigious association football tournament in the world, as well as the most widely viewed and followed single sporting event. The tournament is known as the World Cup, the most watched and followed sporting event in the sport world. It is also the most viewed and closely followed single sport event in world.  The 2018 World Cup was estimated to be 3.57 billion, close to half of the global population. The 2022 World Cup will be held in Qatar, with about 1.5 billion people watching the final match. The World Cup is the most popular tournament in the world, hosted by Qatar.  The 2026 tournament will be jointly hosted by Canada, the United States and Mexico. Mexico will be the first country to host games in three World Cups. Canada will be hosting the tournament for the first time in 2026. The tournament will also be held in Mexico and Canada.  The world's first international football match was a challenge match played in Glasgow in 1872 between Scotland and England. Scotland won the match in Glasgow. The first international match was played in Scotland in Glasgow between 1872 and 1872. England won the game in the first ever international match.  The inaugural British Home Championship took place in 1884. England, Scotland, Wales, Wales and Ireland played in the tournament. The tournament was the first international tournament for nations to hold in England and Scotland. It included games between England and Wales, Scotland and Ireland, and Ireland.  Football was held as a demonstration sport with no medals awarded at the 1900 and 1904 Summer Olympics. However, the International Olympic Committee has retroactively upgraded their status to official events, as well as the 1906 Intercalated Games. After FIFA was founded in 1904, it tried to arrange an international football tournament between nations outside the Olympic framework in Switzerland.  At the 1908 Summer Olympics in London, football became an official Olympic sport. Football was unsuccessful in the competition. FIFA's history of football describes the competition as having been unsuccessful. Football is now an official sport in the FIFA history of the FIFA World Cup, which was held at the London Olympics.  The Football Association (FA) was planning the event for amateur players only. The event was regarded suspiciously as a show rather than a competition. The FA was planning it for amateur footballers only. It was the first time the event had been held in England's football governing body.  Great Britain (represented by the England national amateur football team) won the gold medals. Great Britain won gold medals for the first time in the history of the Olympic Games. England won gold at the Games in Rio de Janeiro in 1968. The Games were held in Brazil, Brazil, Italy, France, Spain, Norway, Germany, Norway and Norway.  Sir Thomas Lipton organised the tournament in Turin in 1909. They repeated the feat at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm. The event was continuing to be a contest between amateur teams only. The tournament continued to be held between amateur and professional teams. It was also held in Stockholm in 1912.  The Lipton tournament was a championship between individual clubs (not national teams) from different nations, each of which represented an entire nation. Each of the clubs represented a national team, not an entire national team. The tournament was held between national teams and individual clubs from different countries.  The competition is sometimes described as The First World Cup, and featured the most prestigious professional club sides from Italy, Germany and Switzerland. The FA of England refused to be associated with the competition and declined the offer to send a professional team. The competition was held in Italy, Switzerland, Switzerland and Germany.  West Auckland, an amateur side from County Durham, were invited to represent England instead. West Auckland were England's first team to represent the county. The club invited West Auckland to play for England in a friendly on Saturday night. The match was played by West Auckland in Durham, County Durham.  West Auckland won the tournament and returned in 1911 to successfully defend their title. The tournament was held in Auckland, New Zealand, and was won by West Auckland. West Auckland returned to the tournament in 1911 and won the title in 1911. The Auckland team won their first title in the tournament.  From 1876 to 1904, games that were considered to be the \"football world championship\" were meetings between leading English and Scottish clubs, such as the 1895 game between Sunderland A.F.C. and Newcastle A.M.F., the \"world championship\" was played in the Lipton competition between 1876 and 1904.  In 1914, FIFA agreed to recognise the Olympic tournament as a \"world football championship for amateurs\" and took responsibility for managing the event. Sunderland won the tournament, beating Heart of Midlothian F.C. and Sunderland. The tournament was managed by FIFA.  World's first intercontinental football competition for nations, at the 1920 Summer Olympics, contested by Egypt and 13 European teams, and won by Belgium. This paved the way for the world's first international football competition, held in the 1920 Olympics, held by Egypt in Cairo, Egypt.  Uruguay won the next two Olympic football tournaments in 1924 and 1928. Uruguay won gold medals in both of the two tournaments. Uruguay also won gold in the 1928 and 1924 Olympic football events. Uruguay was the first team to win gold in a football tournament in the 1920s and 1924.  1924 was the start of FIFA's professional era, and is the reason why Uruguay is allowed to wear 4 stars. Uruguay won the first two open world championships in 1924 and 1924 were also the first open championships in the history of FIFA. Uruguay is now the only team to wear four stars in their jerseys.  FIFA started looking at staging its own international tournament outside of the Olympics. FIFA President Jules Rimet was the driving force behind FIFA's decision to stage the tournament. World Cups before World War II were held in the 1930s and 1940s. World Cup finals were held before the end of the war in 1945.  FIFA decided to stage a world championship in 1928. The FIFA Congress in Amsterdam decided to hold the tournament in Amsterdam. The tournament was held on 28 May 1928. It was the first FIFA World Championship held in Amsterdam since 1928. FIFA World Cup was held in 1928 in Amsterdam, Holland.  FIFA named Uruguay as the host country of the inaugural World Cup tournament in 1930. Uruguay celebrated their centenary of independence in 1930 with the World Cup. The choice of Uruguay as a venue for the competition meant a long and costly trip across the Atlantic Ocean for European sides, especially in the midst of the Great Depression.  As such, no European country pledged to send a team until two months before the start of the competition. No European team pledged to commit to sending a team before the tournament began. No team has been announced until the tournament is over two months in advance of the start. No country has pledged a team to send to the tournament.  Rimet persuaded teams from Belgium, France, Romania, and Yugoslavia to make the trip. Teams from Belgium and France also made the trip to France and Belgium. Rimet eventually persuaded teams to travel to France, Belgium, Romania and Yugoslavia for the first time in a row.  In total, 13 nations took part: seven from South America, four from Europe, and two from North America. Seven of South America's countries took part in the event, including seven from Europe and four from the U.S. The event was held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.  The first two World Cup matches took place on 13 July 1930, and were won by France and the United States, who defeated Mexico 4-1 and Belgium 3-0 respectively. France won the first two matches, and the first ever World Cup match took place in 1930.  Lucien Laurent of France scored the first goal in World Cup history. The first World Cup goal was scored by France's first ever World Cup scoring goal. The World Cup was held in Brazil in 2002. The tournament began in Brazil and ended in a 4-1 victory over Argentina.  Uruguay became the first nation to win the World Cup in 1966. Uruguay defeated Argentina 4-2 in the final in front of 93,000 spectators in Montevideo, Uruguay. Uruguay won the tournament 4\u20132, the first time they had won a World Cup since 1966.  FIFA and IOC disagreed over the status of amateur players. Football was dropped from the 1932 Summer Olympics. FIFA and the IOC dropped football from the World Cup in favor of the amateur status of the players. The World Cup was the first major tournament to be held in the 1930s.  Olympic football returned at the 1936 Summer Olympics, but was overshadowed by the more prestigious World Cup. The issues facing the early World Cup tournaments were the difficulties of intercontinental travel, and war. The IOC and FIFA worked out their differences, and the World Cup was the first of its kind.  Few South American teams were willing to travel to Europe for the 1934 World Cup. All North and South American nations except Brazil and Cuba boycotted the 1938 tournament. The 1938 World Cup was the first time the tournament was held in Europe. Brazil, Cuba and Cuba were boycotting the tournament.  Brazil was the only South American team to compete in both. Brazil won the gold medal at the 1992 World Cup and silver medal at Rio de Janeiro. Brazil was only South America team to participate in both events. Brazil is the only country to compete at both events in the event.  The 1942 and 1946 competitions, which Germany and Brazil sought to host, were cancelled due to World War II. Brazil and Germany were also seeking to host the World Cup in 1946 and 1942. World War War II was cancelled in 1942 and 1945 due to the conflict in Europe. Brazil won the tournament in 1946.  The 1950 World Cup was the first to include British football associations. It was held in Brazil, the first World Cup to be held after World War II. The tournament was also the first for British associations to be included in the World Cup. The World Cup took place in Brazil in 1950.  Scotland, England, Wales, and Northern Ireland had withdrawn from FIFA in 1920. Partly out of unwillingness to play against countries they had been at war with, and partly as a protest against foreign influence on football. Scotland withdrew from FIFA as a result of their refusal to play in World Cup finals.  The teams rejoined in 1946 following FIFA's invitation. The teams played for the first time since World War One in 1946. FIFA invited the teams to play in the World Cup in 1946 after World War Two in 1945. The two teams played in World Cup finals between 1945 and 1972.  The tournament also saw the return of 1930 champions Uruguay, who had boycotted the previous two World Cups. Uruguay returned to the World Cup after boycotting previous two previous tournaments. The tournament was the first time Uruguay had been allowed to play in a World Cup since 1950s.  16 teams competed in each tournament between 1934 and 1978, except in 1938, when Austria was absorbed into Germany after qualifying, leaving the tournament with 15 teams. Uruguay won the tournament again after defeating the host nation Brazil, in the match called \"Maracanazo\" (Maracana\u00e7o)  Most of the participating nations were from Europe and South America, with a small minority from North America, Africa, Asia, and Oceania. Most participants were from the European and South American, but a few from Africa, Africa and Asia. Most countries participating in the event were European, South American and American.  These teams usually defeated easily by the European and South American teams. These teams were usually beaten easily by Europe and South America teams. The teams were often defeated easily in the European or South American leagues. They were defeated easily easily by teams from Europe, South America and the United States.  Until 1982, only teams from outside Europe and South America to advance out of the first round were: United States, Cuba, North Korea, Mexico and North Korea. United States were semi-finalists in 1930, Cuba in 1938; North Korea in 1966; and Mexico in 1970.  The tournament was expanded to 24 teams in 1982, and then to 32 teams in 1998, allowing more teams from Africa, Asia and North America to take part. The tournament has been expanded to a total of 32 teams since 1998, with teams from Asia, North America and Africa taking part.  Several teams from these regions have enjoyed more success, with several reaching the quarter-finalists in 1986 and 1990. Senegal, along with USA, both quarter-finalsists in 2002; Ghana, Ghana, Costa Rica and Costa Rica, have also reached the last eight. Morocco will finish in fourth place in 2022.  European and South American teams continue to dominate. The quarter-finalists in 1994, 1998, 2006 and 2018 were all from Europe or South America. The finalists of all tournaments so far have been from Europe and South America so far. The World Cup finals have also been won by European teams in 1994 and 1998.  Two hundred teams entered the 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification rounds. 100 teams were entered into the qualification rounds for the 2002 World Cup. Two hundred countries were entered in the qualifying rounds of FIFA's World Cup qualifying rounds. FIFA's first ever World Cup qualifier round was held in 1998 in Brazil. 198 nations attempted to qualify for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.198 nations failed to make it to the World Cup in 2006. The tournament was held in Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Brazil, Mexico and South Africa. The World Cup was contested in Brazil and Argentina in 2002.  A record 204 countries entered qualification for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. A record number of nations entered qualification to qualify for the World Cup in Brazil. A total of 204 countries were entered into the qualification process for the tournament in Brazil, Brazil and Argentina in 2010. The tournament was held in Brazil and Colombia in 2010, Brazil.  Sepp Blatter spoke of guaranteeing the Caribbean Football Union's region a position in the World in October 2013. The World Cup will be expanded to 48 teams in the Caribbean in 2015. The FIFA World Cup has been expanded to a total of 48 teams across the Caribbean. ",
  "49": " A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun. The Moon obscures the view of the Sun from a small part of the Earth, totally or partially. The eclipse is the result of the Moon passing between the Sun and Earth, obscuring the view.  An alignment occurs approximately every six months, during the eclipse season in its new moon phase, when the Moon's orbital plane is closest to the plane of the Earth's orbit. Such an alignment occurs about every 6 months during the lunar eclipse season. The alignment occurs during the new moon's new moon season.  In a total eclipse, the disk of the Sun is fully obscured by the Moon. A total eclipse occurs when the Sun's disk of light is obscured from the Moon's path. This is the first time it has taken place in more than 30 years since the Sun was fully eclipsed.  In partial and annular eclipses, only part of the Sun is obscured. In annular and partial and partial eclipses the only part is obscured by the Sun. An annular eclipse is also known as a partial or partial eclipse of the solar system. In some cases, the Sun will be obscured by a partial solar eclipse.  A solar eclipse can only be viewed from a relatively small area of the world. Unlike a lunar eclipse, a solar eclipse may only be seen from anywhere on the night side of Earth. Unlike lunar eclipses, it can be seen in a very small part of the Earth's night side.  Total solar eclipses occur somewhere on Earth every 18 months on average. They recur at any given place only once every 360 to 410 years. Total solar eclipsees occur around the world once a 360-410 years, but recur only once in 360 years. Eclipses occur in places around the globe on average between 18 months and 18 months.  If the Moon were in a perfectly circular orbit and in the same orbital plane as Earth, there would be total solar eclipses once a month, at every new moon. Total solar eclipse occurs at each new moon at the Moon's newest new moon in the Earth's orbit.  Because the Moon's orbit is tilted at about 5 degrees to Earth's orbit, its shadow usually misses Earth. Instead of missing Earth, the moon's shadow misses Earth because of its tilt at 5 degrees, the shadow is usually missed by Earth. The Moon's shadow usually missed Earth.  Solar (and lunar) eclipses only happen only during eclipse seasons, resulting in at least two, and up to five, solar eclipses each year. No more than two of which can be total, and no more than one of which is total, can be seen in total.  Total eclipses are more rare because they require a more precise alignment between the centers of the Sun and Moon. The Moon's apparent size in the sky is sometimes too small to fully cover the Sun, and sometimes the Moon is too small for it to cover the sun.  An eclipse is a natural phenomenon. It is also known as an eclipse. An eclipse occurs during an eclipse of the Earth's surface. The eclipse is the result of a solar eclipse, or an eclipse, taking place during a lunar eclipse. The phenomenon is a phenomenon that occurs during a natural eclipse.  In some ancient and modern cultures, solar eclipses were attributed to supernatural causes or regarded as bad omens. Solar eclipses may have been seen as signs of evil or supernatural activity in ancient cultures. Eclipses were thought to be a sign of evil in ancient or modern cultures.  Astronomers' predictions of eclipses began in China as early as the 4th century BC. Eclipses hundreds of years into the future may now be predicted with high accuracy. Astronomers have predicted eclipses for hundreds of thousands of years in the future with accuracy.  Special eye protection or indirect viewing techniques are used when viewing a solar eclipse. Looking directly at the Sun can lead to permanent eye damage, so special eye protection can be used. Using the same technique as a telescope can cause eye damage to your eyesight, but it is essential to avoid it.  Only the total phase of a total solar eclipse is safe to view without protection. Total phase of the eclipse is the only phase of totality that can be safely viewed without protection. Only the totality phase of an eclipse can be seen without protection, experts say. Total eclipse is only the totality of totality, not the total totality.  Enthusiasts known as eclipse chasers or umbraphiles travel to remote locations to see solar eclipses. The eclipse chaser is known as an amateur eclipse enthusiast or a fan of the phenomenon known as umbraphile. The event will take place in a remote location in order to see the solar eclipse.  A total eclipse occurs in average every 18 months when the dark silhouette of the Moon completely obscures the intensely bright light of the Sun. The much fainter solar corona can be seen in this type of eclipse. There are four types of solar eclipses: An eclipses, a total eclipse, an eclipse, a solar eclipse, and a total solar eclipse.  During any one eclipse, totality occurs at best only in a narrow track on the surface of Earth. During this one eclipse totality occurs only in the narrow track of the Earth's surface. During any eclipse, total totality occurs in a very narrow section of the earth's surface at best.  This narrow track is called the path of totality. It is a narrow track of totality. It is also known as the \"path of totality\" for the eclipse of the night. The path of total eclipse is known as totality. The eclipse was the first time it was visible in totality.  An annular eclipse occurs once every one or two years when the Sun and the Moon are exactly in line with the Earth. The apparent size of the Moon is smaller than that of the Sun, but the apparent size is smaller. The Sun and Moon are at the same size every one of two years.  Sun appears as a very bright ring, or annulus, surrounding the dark disk of the Moon. The Sun appears to be as bright ring around the Moon's dark disk. Sun appears in an annulus surrounding the Moon, or ring, surrounding a dark disk around the Sun.  Hybrid eclipse shifts between a total and annular eclipse. Hybrid eclipse is also called annular/total eclipse. It shifts between the annular and total eclipse. A hybrid eclipse is a hybrid eclipse of an annular or a total eclipse of a total or an\u00a0annular\u00a0eclipse.  At certain points on the surface of Earth, it appears as a total eclipse, while at other points it appears annular. At other points, the eclipse appears as annular at certain points of the Earth's surface. The eclipse occurs at certain parts of the earth's surface at certain times.  Hybrid eclipses are comparatively rare. Hybrid eclipse is comparatively rare. Hybrid eclipse is a rare phenomenon. Hybrid eclipses occur very rarely in the U.S. of the past few years. The eclipse is the first of its kind in the history of eclipses.  A partial eclipse occurs about twice a year when the Sun and Moon are not exactly in line with the Earth. The Sun and the Moon only partially obscures the Sun. The eclipse occurs when the Moon and the Sun are not at the Earth at the same time of the eclipse.  This phenomenon can usually be seen from a large part of the Earth outside of the track of an annular or total eclipse. This phenomenon is usually seen from large parts of the planet, such as the center of the eclipse, but it can also be seen in other parts of Earth.  Some eclipses can be seen only as a partial eclipse, because the umbra passes above the Earth's polar regions and never intersects the surface. However, some eclipses are only seen as partial eclipses because they pass above polar regions. The umbra never passes over the surface of the Earth, so it can only be seen as an eclipse.  Partial eclipses are virtually unnoticeable in terms of the Sun's brightness. It takes well over 90% coverage to notice any darkening at all. Partial eclipses can be seen at all with little or little effect on the Sun in 90% of its coverage.  The Sun's distance from Earth is about 400 times the Moon's distance. Even at 99% it would be no darker than civil twilight. The Sun is 400 times larger than the Moon, and the Sun's diameter is also 400 times its diameter. The sun would have been no more dark than the Earth's night sky.  The Sun and the Moon as seen from Earth appear to be approximately the same size: about 0.5 degree of arc in angular measure. The Moon's orbit around the Earth is slightly elliptical, as is the Earth's orbit. Because these ratios are roughly the same, the Moon and the Sun appear to have a similar size.  The apparent sizes of the Sun and Moon therefore vary. The apparent size of the sun and moon therefore vary between the two bodies. The Sun and moon are visible from the Earth to the Earth, the Moon is visible from Earth. The Moon and Sun are visible in the night sky, but the Sun is visible in daylight.  The magnitude of an eclipse is the ratio of the apparent size of the Moon to the apparent\u00a0size of the Sun during an eclipse. An eclipse occurs when the Moon passes the Sun in the path of totality. The Moon is eclipsed by the Sun, which is visible from Earth.  An eclipse occurs when the Moon is near its closest distance to Earth (i.e., near its perigee) can be a total eclipse because the Moon will appear to be large enough to completely cover the Sun's bright disk or photosphere. A total eclipse has a magnitude greater than or equal to 1,000.  An eclipse that occurs when the Moon is near its farthest distance from Earth (i.e., near its apogee) can be only an annular eclipse because the Moon will appear to be slightly smaller than the Sun. Hybrid eclipse occurs when magnitude of an eclipse changes during the event from less to greater than one.  The 2023 April 20 hybrid eclipse's totality's totality is over a minute in duration at various points along the path of totality. These eclipses are extremely narrow in their path width and relatively short in their duration at any point compared with fully total eclipses. The totality of the 2023 hybrid eclipse will be more than a minute long.  Like a focal point, the width and duration of totality and annularity are near zero at the points where the two changes between the two occur. The Earth's orbit around the Sun is also elliptical, the Earth's distance from the Sun similarly varies throughout the year.  This affects the apparent size of the Sun in the same way, but not as much as does the Moon's varying distance from Earth. The Sun's apparent size is also affected by the varying distance between Earth and the Moon. This is not the same as the Sun's differing distance from the Earth.  When Earth approaches its farthest distance from the Sun in early July, a total eclipse is somewhat more likely. Conditions favour an annular eclipse when Earth is at its closest distance to the sun in early January, when conditions favour annular eclipses. When Earth is closest to the Sun, the annular is more likely when it is in January.  Central eclipse is often used as a generic term for a total, annular, or hybrid eclipse. Central eclipses are a total or annular eclipse or a total eclipse. A total eclipse is one of the most likely to occur in the world. Central eclipse can also be seen in the U.S. as an annular or a partial eclipse.  The definition of a central eclipse is an eclipse during which the central line of the umbra touches the Earth's surface. This is, however, not completely correct: the definition of an eclipse is that it is during which a central line touches the surface of the Earth.  It is possible, though extremely rare, that part of the umbra intersects with the Earth (thus creating an annular or total eclipse), but not its central line. It is extremely rare to see a total eclipse without the central line intersecting with the earth.  This is then called a non-central total or annular eclipse. The eclipse occurs when it occurs near the center of the Earth's umbra. It is then then known as an annular or a non central total or an\u00a0annular\u00a0eclipse\u00a0occurring\u00a0in the United States.  Gamma is a measure of how centrally the shadow strikes.Gamma is the measure of a person's power in the shadow of a shadow. Gamma means a person can be seen as a person in a state of power. The shadow of the shadow is measured by how centrally it strikes.Gamma means the shadow will strike.  The last (umbral yet yet) non-central solar eclipse was on April 29, 2014. The last one of the last non-centre solar eclipses was in April 2014. It was in the U.S. for the longest time in the history of eclipses.  This was an annular eclipse. This was a lunar eclipse. It took place on August 31, 2009. It was the first lunar eclipse to occur in the history of the Earth's history of eclipses. The eclipse was also the first of its kind. It was also one of the first annular eclipses in history.  The next non-central total solar eclipse will be on April 9, 2043. The visual phases observed during a total eclipse are called: first contact. First contact is when the Moon's limb (edge) is exactly tangential to the Sun's limb. First contact: When the Moon\u2019s edge (edge), is tangential.  Second contact: Baily's Beads (caused by light shining through valleys on the Moon's surface) and the diamond ring effect. First contact was made by light passing through valleys in lunar valleys. Second contact began with light shining into valleys on lunar surface.  Almost the entire disk is covered by almost all of the disk. Almost all the disk has been covered in this article. The entire disk was covered in almost three quarters of a million words. Almost every word is said to have been written on the disk, including the words \"almost everything\"  The Moon obscures the entire disk of the Sun and only the solar corona is visible. Only the corona of the solar disk is visible when the Moon is on the surface of the sun. The Sun is also obscured by the Moon, obscuring the Sun's entire disk.  Third contact occurs when the Moon's shadow is moving away from the observer. Third contact is when the first bright light becomes visible and the Moon moves away from an observer's view of the object. The Moon is visible when the object is visible to the observer, and the shadow is visible.  Again a diamond ring may be observed. The ring may also be seen in the ring of a person with a large diamond ring. A diamond ring is also observed in the diamond ring of the ring. The diamond ring was observed in a ring with a diamond attached to a large ring.  Fourth contact occurs when the trailing edge of the Moon ceases to overlap with the solar disk and the eclipse ends. Fourth contact is fourth contact between the two sides of the Earth and the Moon. The eclipse ends when it ends with the end of the path of the solar eclipse.  The diagrams to the right show the alignment of the Sun, Moon, and Earth during a solar eclipse. The diagrams also show how the Earth and the Sun will be aligned during an eclipse. Geometry is the key to predicting the eclipse's alignment and predicting it will occur.  The dark gray region between the Moon and Earth is the umbra, where the Sun is completely obscured by the Moon. The umbra is the dark gray area between the Sun and the Moon that is between Earth and the Earth. It is also the region where the Moon is completely obscured by the Sun.  The small area where the umbra touches Earth's surface is where a total eclipse can be seen. The area that touches the surface of the Earth is the small area that is the only part of the eclipse's umbra touching the Earth. The umbra can also be seen if it touches the Earth in a small area of Earth's atmosphere.  The larger light gray area is the penumbra, in which a partial eclipse can be seen. A partial eclipse is also seen in the larger area, known as the Penumbra. The larger area of the eclipse can also be seen as a light gray light.  An observer in the antumbra, the area of shadow beyond the umbra, will see an annular eclipse. The Moon's orbit around the Earth is inclined at an angle of just over 5 degrees to the plane of the Earth's orbit of the Sun (the ecliptic)  At the time of a new moon, the Moon will usually pass to the north or south of the Sun. Because of this, this is when the Moon passes to either the Sun or to the south of it. The Moon usually passes to the east or west of it at the time.  A solar eclipse can occur only when a new moon occurs close to one of the points (known as nodes) where the Moon's orbit crosses the ecliptic. A new moon can occur close to the nodes of the nodes. The nodes are known as nodes of an elliptical elliptical lunar orbit.  The Moon's distance from the Earth can vary by about 6% from its average value. The Moon can be seen as far as 6% more than the Earth's average distance. The distance from Earth can be measured by 6% or 7% from the average value of Earth's distance.  The Moon's apparent size varies with its distance from the Earth, and it is this effect that leads to the difference between total and annular eclipses. This effect leads to a difference between a total or annular eclipse and a total eclipse of the Earth's moon.  The distance of the Earth from the Sun also varies during the year, but this is a smaller effect. The distance between the Earth and the Sun is also smaller than the distance between Earth and Sun. The Earth's distance to the Sun from the Earth also varies in the year.  On average, the Moon appears to be slightly smaller than the Sun as seen from the Earth. About 60% of central eclipses are annular, so the majority (about 60%) of these occur in an annular way. The majority of these annular eclipses occur when the Moon is seen from Earth.  It is only when the Moon is closer to the Earth than average (near its perigee) that a total eclipse occurs. The Moon is only at its closest to Earth when it is at its highest level of Earth's gravity. The eclipse occurs only when it occurs near the Moon's closest point of view.  The Moon orbits the Earth in approximately 27.3 days, relative to a fixed frame of reference. The Moon is at the center of the Earth's orbit, and is in orbit around the world. The Earth orbits the Moon in approximately 28.7 days, according to the Moon's orbit.  This is known as the sidereal month. This month is the month of sidereal. This is also known as sidereal months. Sidereal month is a month for sidereal events. The sidereal is known to be a month in which sidereal takes place in the world.  During one sidereal month, Earth has revolved part way around the Sun. The average time between one new moon and the next is 29.5 days. This makes it longer than the time between new moons and new moons. Earth has also revolved around part way round the Sun during this month.  Moon crosses from south to north of the ecliptic at its ascending node, and vice versa at its descending node. This is known as the synodic month and corresponds to what is commonly called the lunar month. The Moon crosses between south and north of its ascending and descending nodes.  The nodes of the Moon's orbit are gradually moving in a retrograde motion, due to the action of the Sun's gravity on the Moon. They make a complete circuit every 18.6 years. The Moon orbits the Sun every 18 years, making a circuit of its orbit.  This regression means that the time between each passage of the Moon through the ascending node is slightly shorter than the sidereal month. This means that each passage through the Moon's ascending node takes slightly longer than the time it takes to pass the Moon. This regression is the same time between the Moon passage and the passage of a lunar passage.  This period is called the nodical or draconic month. The Moon's perigee is moving forwards or precessi. The period is also known as the 'nodical or dragonic month' The period of the month is known as 'the nodical month' ",
  "50": " Social media are interactive technologies that facilitate the creation and sharing of content, ideas, interests, and other forms of expression through virtual communities and networks. Social media is an interactive technology that facilitates the creation, sharing, creation and creation of content and ideas. Social networks are social media networks that allow people to interact with each other through social networks.  Social media refers to new forms of media that involve interactive participation. Social media is a form of social media that involves interactive participation. Social media has been used in more than 1,000 years of use in the U.S. social media media industry. The social media term social media is used to refer to interactive participation in social media.  Social media are interactive Web 2.0 Internet-based applications. There are some common features such as a built-in or stand-alone social media service. The definition of social media is defined by the nature of the social network. Social media is an interactive Web-2.0-based application with an interactive component.  User-generated content is the lifeblood of social media. Data generated through all online interactions is social media's lifeblood. Users can post or comment, post photos, videos, photos or videos, and even post personal data about themselves online. The social network is constantly changing its users' views of the world.  Users create service-specific profiles for the website or app that are designed and maintained by the social media organization. The profiles are created by users of the app or website that they use to create a profile profile for the site or website. Users can also create profiles for their profiles that are created for the service or app.  Social media helps the development of online social networks by connecting a user's profile with those of other individuals or groups. The term social in regard to media suggests that platforms are user-centric and enable communal activity. Social media is a form of form of social networking that allows users to interact with each other.  Social media can be viewed as online facilitators or enhancers of human networks. Users usually access social media services through web-based apps on desktops or download services that offer social media functionality to their mobile devices (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Twitter and Instagram)  Smartphones and tablets are available in the U.S. market for the first time. Smart phones and tablets can be used to make phone calls or tablets. Smartphone and tablet technology is available on smartphones and tablets (including tablets and tablets). Smartphones are available on sale in stores across the world.  As users engage with these electronic services, they create highly interactive platforms in which individuals, communities, and organizations can share, co-create, discuss, participate, participate and modify user-generated or self-curated content posted online. Users engage with electronic services such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.  Social media are used to document memories, learn about and explore things, advertise oneself, and form friendships along with the growth of ideas from the creation of blogs, podcasts, videos, and gaming sites. Social media is used as a way of documenting memories, learning about and exploring things, and advertising oneself.  Changing relationship between humans and technology is the focus of the emerging field of technological self-studies. The changing relationship between human and technology has been the subject of a new field of study. The relationship between technology and humans is changing in the future, according to the study.  Twitter, Facebook (and its associated Messenger), WeChat, ShareChat, Instagram, QZone, Weibo, VK, Tumblr, Baidu Tieba, and LinkedIn. Some of the most popular social media websites, with more than 100 million registered users, include Twitter and Facebook.  Other popular platforms that are sometimes referred to as social media services include YouTube, QQ, Quora, Telegram, WhatsApp, Signal, LINE, Snapchat, Pinterest, Viber, Reddit, Discord, Discord and more. Microsoft Teams, Microsoft Teams and more are also called social networks. Wikis are examples of collaborative content creation. Wikis were created by collaborative content creators to create collaborative content.Wikis have been used in the past to create content for the first time in a collaborative group of people to collaborate on a web site.Wikis can be used to help users create their own content for free.  Social media outlets differ from traditional media outlets, such as Facebook and Twitter. Social media is a form of form of social media in the digital age of 21. Social media media outlets are more likely to use social media platforms than traditional media sources. The social media sites are often more popular than social media outlets. print magazines and newspapers, TV, and radio broadcasting) in many ways. Quality, reach, frequency, usability, relevancy, and permanence of permanence are key factors in quality, reach and frequency of print media. Print media is used in the digital age of digital media in the U.S.  Social media operates in a dialogic transmission system (i.e., many sources to many receivers) while traditional media outlets operate under a monologic transmission model. Social media outlets use dialogic transmissions to transmit information to many people. Traditional media operates under monologic transmissions, social media operate under monologial transmission models.  Digital media or digital rhetoric can be used to represent or identify a culture. For example, a newspaper is delivered to many subscribers, and a radio station broadcasts the same programs to an entire city. Digital media is used to identify or represent a culture, or to identify a particular group of people.  Studying the rhetoric that exists in the digital environment has become a crucial new process for many scholars. Studying rhetoric in digital media has become an important part of the study of digital discourse in the U.S. Study of the digital world has led to the rise of digital rhetoric in the world.  Observers have noted a wide range of positive and negative impacts when it comes to the use of social media. Social media has been used in the past for more than a decade. The social media phenomenon has been linked to the rise in popularity of the internet in recent years.  Social media can help to improve an individual's sense of connectedness with real or online communities. It can be an effective communication (or marketing) tool for corporations, entrepreneurs, non-profit organizations, advocacy groups, political parties, and governments. Social media is an effective marketing tool for businesses, entrepreneurs and non-profits.  Observers have also seen that there has been a rise in social movements using social media as a tool for communicating and organizing in times of political unrest. Social media has been used as a way of organizing and communicating with people around the world in recent times of unrest.  Social media can also be used to read or share news, whether it is true or false. Social media is also used to share stories, whether or not they are true or not. The social media is a tool that can help people find out what is true and who is true.  PLATO system was launched in 1960 after being developed at the University of Illinois and subsequently commercially marketed by Control Data Corporation. The system was developed in the 1960s and commercially marketed in the 1980s. PLATAO was the first computer-programmable radio-controlled radio-connected radio-communications system to be launched.  PLATO offered early forms of social media features with 1973-era innovations such as Notes, TERM-talk and Talkomatic. News Report, a crowdsourced online newspaper, was perhaps the first online chat room. Access Lists, enabling the owner of a note file to limit access to a certain set of users, for example, only friends, classmates, or co-workers. ARPANET, which first came online in 1967, developed a rich cultural exchange of non-government/business ideas and communication. The network etiquette (or \"netiquette\") was described in a 1982 handbook on computing at MIT's Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. Arranganet first developed in the late 1970s. ARPANET evolved into the Internet following the publication of the first Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) specification, RFC 675 (Specification of Internet Transmission Control Program), written by Vint Cerf, Yogen Dalal, and Carl Sunshine in 1974. The Internet evolved from the original ARANET to the Internet.  This became the foundation of Usenet, conceived by Tom Truscott and Jim Ellis in 1979 at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and Duke University, and established in 1980. Weenet was founded in 1980 by Jim Ellis, Jim Ellis at Duke University and North Carolina University.  Community Memory was a precursor of the electronic bulletin board system (BBS) Community Memory appeared by 1973. Community Memory is a precursor to a BBS called Community Memory. BBS was a predecessor of the internet-based electronic bulletin boards system. Community memory was created in 1973, 1973 and 1974.  Computer Bulletin Board System in Chicago first came online on February 16, 1978. The first electronic BBS was launched in 1978. Computer Bulletin board System was Chicago's first in existence in 1978, with the first coming online in February 1978. It was the first computer-based BBS in the United States.  Before long, most major cities had more than one BBS running on TRS-80, Apple II, Atari, IBM PC, Commodore 64, Sinclair, and similar personal computers. BBS was first available in the U.S. in the 1960s and '70s.  IBM PC was introduced in 1981, and subsequent models of both Mac computers and PCs were used throughout the 1980s. Mac computers were introduced in the same year as the IBM PC. The PC was the first Mac computer computer to be introduced to the Mac computer market in the mid 1980s, with the Mac computers introduced in 1983.  Multiple modems, followed by specialized telecommunication hardware, allowed many users to be online simultaneously.Multiple modems and specialized hardware enabled many users of the internet simultaneously. The Internet is now a major source of growth in the Internet age of the Internet, with many users using multiple modems.  CompuServe, Prodigy, and AOL were three of the largest BBS companies and were the first to migrate to the Internet in the 1990s. Prodigy was the first BBS company to make the transition to the internet in the mid-90s.  Between the mid-1980s and mid-1990s, BBSes numbered in the tens of thousands in North America alone. North America's largest number of BBSs was in the late 1980s and early 1990s. North American BBSers were in the thousands of thousands of users.  Message forums (a specific structure of social media) arose with the BBS phenomenon throughout the 1980s and early 1990s. Message forums are a type of form of social networking. BBS forums began in the early 1980s, early '90s and 'early 2000s.  When the World Wide Web (WWW) was added to the Internet in the mid-1990s, message forums migrated to the web, becoming Internet forums. This is due to cheaper per-person access as well as the ability to handle far more people simultaneously than telco modem banks.  Digital imaging and semiconductor image sensor technology facilitated the development of social media. The technology enabled the development and rise of the social media movement. The rise of social networking has been attributed to the rise in social media use of digital imaging technology in the U.S. Digital imaging technology has enabled social networking.  Advances in metal\u2013oxide\u2013semiconductor (MOS) semiconductor device fabrication reached smaller micron and then sub-micron levels during the 1980s\u20131990s. The NMOS (n-type MOS) active-pixel sensor (APS) was developed at Olympus in 1985 and 1993 at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.  CMOS sensors enabled the mass proliferation of digital cameras and camera phones, which bolstered the rise of social media. CMOS sensor technology enabled the proliferation of camera phones and digital cameras, which led to social media use of the social media platform.CMOS sensors enable the creation of smartphones and digital devices with digital cameras.  Tim Berners-Lee created the World Wide Web in 1991, marking the beginning of the modern era of networked communication. He integrated hypertext software with the Internet to create the Web. The Web is now the most popular social media platform in the world, with Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.  This breakthrough facilitated the formation of online communities. It enabled support for offline groups through the use of weblogs, list servers, and email services. This breakthrough was a breakthrough in the development of the Internet in the 1980s and '90s. It also enabled the creation of online community groups.  Social media started in the mid-1990s with the advent of platforms like GeoCities, Classmates.com, and SixDegrees.com. The evolution of online services progressed from serving as channels for networked communication to becoming interactive platforms for. networked social interaction.  SixDegrees was the first online service designed for real people to connect using their actual names. The service was designed to connect with real people using their real names. While instant messaging and chat clients existed at the time, it was unique as it was first online chat clients.  It boasted features like profiles, friends lists, and school affiliations, making it \"the very first social networking site\" according to CBS News. The site was created in 1903 and was called the \"very first social network site\" in the U.S. It was later called \"The Social Network Network\"  The platform's name was inspired by the \"six degrees of separation\" concept, which suggests that every person on the planet is just six connections away from everyone else. Research from 2015 shows that the world spent 22% of their online time on social networks, thus suggesting the popularity of social media platforms.  There are as many as 4.76 billion social media users in the world which, as of January 2023, equates to 59.4% of the total global population. As of January 2014, there were 4.77 billion people worldwide using social media, the world's largest number of internet users.  The idea that social media are defined simply by their ability to bring people together has been seen as too broad. This would suggest that fundamentally different technologies like the telegraph and telephone are also social media. The idea of social media as social media is not defined simply as a way of bringing people together is too broad to be defined.  Some early researchers refer to social media as social networks or social networking services in the mid-2000s. The terminology is unclear, with some early researchers referring to social networks as social network or social network services. Some early social networks were called social networks in the early 2000s.  Merriam-Webster defined social media as \"forms of electronic communication\" through which users create online communities to share information, ideas, personal messages, and other content. A recent paper from 2015 reviewed the prominent literature in the area and identified four common features unique to then-current social media services: Web 2.0 Internet-based applications.  \"While the variety of evolving stand-alone and built-in social media service service is evolving, it will be an evolving service,\" the company says. The company says it is \"evolving\" with a \"variety of evolving social media services, such as Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. ",
  "51": " Quantum Mechanics is a fundamental theory in physics that describes the behavior of nature at the scale of atoms and subatomic particles. Quantum mechanics is a theory that describes how nature behaves at the level of atoms. It is also known as the theory of quantum\u00a0mechanics\u00a0and quantum\u00a0microscopic\u00a0physics.  It is the foundation of all quantum physics including quantum chemistry, quantum field theory, quantum technology, and quantum information science. Quantum information science is the basis of quantum chemistry and field theory. It is also the foundation for quantum technology and information science, such as quantum technology.  Classical physics describes many aspects of nature at an ordinary (macroscopic) scale, but is not sufficient for describing them at small (atomic and subatomic) scales. Quantum physics is the collection of theories that existed before the advent of quantum mechanics. Quantum mechanics is a theory that describes how quantum physics works.  Most theories in classical physics can be derived from quantum mechanics as an approximation valid at large (macroscopic) scale. Energy, momentum, angular momentum, and other quantities of a bound system are restricted to discrete values. Measurements of systems show characteristics of both particles and waves (wave\u2013particle duality)  Quantum mechanics arose from theories to explain observations that could not be reconciled with classical physics. Max Planck's solution in 1900 to the black-body radiation problem, and the correspondence between energy and frequency in Albert Einstein's 1905 paper, which explained the photoelectric effect.  Niels Bohr, Erwin Schr\u00f6dinger, Werner Heisenberg, Max Born, Paul Dirac and others led to the full development of quantum mechanics in the mid-1920s. The early attempts to understand microscopic phenomena are now known as the \"old quantum theory\"  Modern theory is formulated in various specially developed mathematical formalisms. The modern theory is made up of various special formalisms, such as the theory of evolution of the universe. The theory is based on various mathematical theories, including the modern theory of modern physics. Modern theory was first developed in the 1930s and 1940s, and is now being developed again.  In one of them, the wave function provides information about what measurements of a particle's energy, momentum, and other physical properties may yield. The wave function is a mathematical entity called a wave function. It provides information, in the form of probability amplitudes, about what measurement will yield.  Quantum mechanics allows the calculation of properties and behaviour of physical systems. Quantum mechanics is a theory of quantum physics. It is a theoretical theory of physics and quantum mechanics. The theory is based on the properties of a physical system and the behaviour of a quantum machine. Quantum Mechanics is a mathematical theory of the physical properties of quantum systems.  It is typically applied to microscopic systems: molecules, atoms and sub-atomic particles. It is used to describe microscopic systems, such as molecules and atoms. It has been applied to subatomic particles and molecules, including atoms and atoms, in the past. It was applied to atoms, molecules, molecules and sub atomic particles.  It has been demonstrated to hold for complex molecules with thousands of atoms. Application to human beings raises philosophical problems, such as Wigner's friend. It remains speculative to apply to the universe as a whole, but its application to human life raises philosophical questions. It has also been demonstrated that it holds true true true in complex molecules.  Predictions of quantum mechanics have been verified experimentally to an extremely high degree of accuracy. The predictions of quantum\u00a0means\u00a0quantum\u00a0merchandise\u00a0have been\u00a0verified\u00a0to a very high degree\u00a0of\u00a0accuracy\u00a0to\u00a0experimentally\u00a0ability\u00a0to be\u00a0verged.  Quantum electrodynamics has been shown to agree with experiment to within 1 part in 108 for some atomic properties. For example, the refinement of quantum mechanics for the interaction of light and matter, known as QED, agrees with experiment\u00a0to within 1\u00a0part in 108\u00a0for some atomic\u00a0properties.  A fundamental feature of the theory is that it usually cannot predict with certainty what will happen, but only give probabilities. The theory is based on probabilities, rather than certainty, in order to predict the future of the world's most significant events. A key feature is that the theory can only predict probabilities, not with certainty.  Mathematically, a probability is found by taking the square of the absolute value of a complex number, known as a probability amplitude. A probability amplitude is a square square square of an absolute value in complex numbers. The amplitude is known as the probability amplitude of a probability.  This is known as the Born rule, named after physicist Max Born. The Born rule is named after Max Born, a physicist who was born in 1903. It is also known as 'Born rule' by the physicist who coined the phrase 'Born Rule' The rule is a rule known as Born Rule.  For example, a quantum particle like an electron can be described by a wave function. A wave function associates to each point in space a probability amplitude. The probability amplitude of each point is associated with a probability of a given probability of it happening. A quantum particle can also be described as an electron, an electron or an electron.  Applying the Born rule to these amplitudes gives a probability density function for the position that the electron will be found to have when an experiment is performed to measure it. Applying this gives a probabilities density function of the position an electron will find when it is found to be found.  This is the best the theory can do; it cannot say for certain where the electron will be found. The theory can only say where an electron will find is not certain, but it is best to say where it is found. This is not the best theory for the electron to be found, but the theory is still trying to find it.  Schr\u00f6dinger equation relates the collection of probability amplitudes that pertain to one moment of time to another. It relates probabilities of probability\u00a0amplitudes\u00a0that pertain\u00a0to one moment\u00a0of time to the collection\u00a0of probability\u00a0ambabilities\u00a0that\u00a0pertain to another time.  One consequence of the rules of quantum mechanics is a tradeoff in predictability between different measurable quantities. The tradeoff between different quantities can be seen in quantum physics. Quantum physics is a theory of quantum\u00a0measurement\u00a0of quantum\u00a0matmatics\u00a0and\u00a0quantum\u00a0matics.  The most famous form of this uncertainty principle says that no matter how a quantum particle is prepared or how carefully experiments upon it are arranged, it is impossible to have a precise prediction for a measurement of its position and also at the same time for a measurements of its momentum.  Another consequence of the mathematical rules of quantum mechanics is the phenomenon of quantum interference. It is often illustrated with the double-slit experiment. Quantum interference is a result of the laws of quantum physics. The experiment is often shown in the Double-Slit experiment by quantum physicists.  In the basic version of this experiment, a coherent light source illuminates a plate pierced by two parallel slits. The light passing through the slits is observed on a screen behind the plate. The experiment is a basic experiment by using a laser beam to illuminate a plate.  The wave nature of light causes the light waves passing through the two slits to interfere, producing bright and dark bands on the screen. The result would not be expected if light consisted of classical particles, such as classical particles. The light waves of light pass through the slits causing them to interfere with each other.  The light is always found to be absorbed at the screen at discrete points, as individual particles rather than waves. The interference pattern appears via the varying density of these particle hits on the screen. It is found to appear as the light is absorbed at a discrete point, rather than as waves.  Each detected photon passes through one slit (as would a classical particle), and not through both slits. Other versions of the experiment that include detectors at the slits find that each detected photon goes through one slit, not two slits, as would a wave.  Such experiments demonstrate particles do not form the interference pattern if one detects which slit they pass through. However, such experiments demonstrate that particles don't form the pattern if they are detected by the slit they are passing through.:\u200a109\u200a.:\u2009109\u2009.  This behavior is known as wave\u2013particle duality. It is also known as the behavior of wave-particle\u00a0duality. The behavior is similar to wave-and-wave behavior of particle particles. The phenomenon is known to be wave-like behavior in particle physics.  In addition to light, electrons, atoms, and molecules are all found to exhibit the same dual behavior when fired towards a double slit. Quantum tunnelling: a particle that goes up against a potential barrier can cross it, even if its kinetic energy is smaller than the maximum of the potential.  In classical mechanics this particle would be trapped in classical mechanics. In classical physics it would have been trapped by a particle in a particle of this type. The particle would then be trapped by the particle in classical physics. In this case, the particle is trapped in the particle of a particle that is trapped by this particle.  Quantum tunnelling enables radioactive decay, nuclear fusion in stars, and applications such as scanning tunnelnelling microscopy and the tunnel diode. When quantum systems interact, the result can be the creation of quantum entanglement: their properties become so intertwined that a description of the whole solely in terms of the individual parts is no longer possible.  Erwin Schr\u00f6dinger called entanglement the characteristic trait of quantum mechanics. Entanglement is a quantum phenomenon that enforces its departure from classical lines of thought. Erwin Schlossberg called it a characteristic trait that\u00a0enforces its entire departure from\u00a0classical\u00a0lines of thought\"  Quantum entanglement enables quantum computing and is part of quantum communication protocols, such as quantum key distribution and superdense coding. Quantum computing is a key to quantum computing, and is also part of a quantum communication protocol such as super-dense codes and key distribution.  Entanglement does not allow sending signals faster than light, as demonstrated by the no-communication\u00a0theorem. Another possibility opened by entanglement is testing for \"hidden variables\", hypothetical properties more fundamental than the quantities addressed in quantum theory. This knowledge would allow more exact predictions than quantum theory can provide.  Bell's theorem has shown that broad classes of hidden-variable theories are incompatible with quantum physics. A collection of results, most notably Bell's. theorem, have demonstrated that such theories are not compatible with quantum. physics. Bell's. theorem has been used to prove that such hidden-varieties are not true.  Bell's theorem states that if nature operates in accord with any theory of local hidden variables, the results of a Bell test will be constrained in a particular, quantifiable way. Bell's theory states that the results are constrained in the way of Bell's Bell test. The results of the Bell test can be quantifiable in a certain way.  Bell tests have been performed, using entangled particles, and they have shown results incompatible with the constraints imposed by local hidden variables. Understanding quantum mechanics requires not only manipulating complex numbers, but also linear algebra, differential equations, group theory, and other more advanced subjects, such as linear algebra and differential equations.  This article will present a mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics and survey its application to some useful and oft-studied examples. It will also survey the application of the quantum mechanics to various useful and often studied examples of quantum physics. The article concludes that quantum mechanics is a useful and useful example of quantum phenomena.  The state of a quantum mechanical system is a vector in a (separable) complex Hilbert space. In the mathematically rigorous formulation of quantum mechanics, quantum mechanics is defined as a vector. A vector is a state that belongs to a complex complex space. The vector is the state of the quantum mechanical state, or a vector, in quantum mechanics. The state is the result of the state in a quantum mechanics system.  This vector is postulated to be normalized under the Hilbert space inner product. It is well-defined up to a complex number of modulus 1 (the global phase), that is,    the global phase. It obeys the same physical system as a physical system.  Possible states are points in the projective space of a Hilbert space, usually called the complex projective. space. In other words, the possible states of a state can be found in projective spaces, such as complex projectives. The possible states can be defined as points in projectives' projectives, or complex projectors.  Hilbert space is the space of complex square-integrable functions. Hilbert space for the spin of a single proton is simply space of two-dimensional complex vectors. The exact nature of this space is dependent on the system \u2013 for example, for describing position and momentum the Hilbert space.  Physical quantities of interest \u2013 position, momentum, energy, spin \u2013 are represented by observables. Observables are Hermitian (more precisely, self-adjoint) linear operators acting on the Hilbert space. The observables are linear operators, which act on the space of interest.  A quant quant: A quant. A quant. A quant, a quant. a quant. The quant. The quant quant. \"A quant\" is the world's first quant quant quantified quant. It's a quant that's the best way to find out what's going on in a quant world. ",
  "52": " A stock market, equity market, or share market is aggregation of buyers and sellers of stocks (also called shares), which represent ownership claims on businesses. These may include securities listed on a public stock exchange, as well as stock that is only traded privately, such as shares of private companies which are sold to investors through equity crowdfunding platforms.  Investment is usually made with an investment strategy in mind. Investment is made with the intention of making an investment in a business. Investing is usually done with the intent of investing in a specific investment strategy. Investments are usually made in the form of a strategy to get the best results.  The total market capitalization of all publicly traded stocks worldwide rose from US$2.5 trillion in 1980 to US$93.7 trillion at the end of 2020. As of 2016, there are 60 stock exchanges in the world, with 60 of the world's largest stock exchanges.  There are 16 exchanges with a market capitalization of $1 trillion or more. They account for 87% of global market capital. Of these, 16 exchanges, there are 16 of which have a market cap of more than $1trillion. The world's most important exchanges are in the form of Hong Kong.  By country, the largest stock markets as of January 2022 are in the United States of America (about 59.9%), followed by Japan (about 6.2%) and United Kingdom (about 3.9%) The 16 exchanges are all in North America, Europe, or Asia.  A stock exchange is an exchange (or bourse) where stockbrokers and traders can buy and sell shares (equity stock), bonds, and other securities. Stockbrokers can also trade shares, bonds, or other securities in a stock exchange. A bourse is a place in the world where people can buy shares and sell them.  Many large companies have their stocks listed on a stock exchange. Many of them are listed on an international stock exchange. Many of these companies are listed as listed on the world's largest stock exchanges. Many companies have listed their stock exchange shares on a number of different exchanges.  This makes the stock more liquid and thus more attractive to many investors. The stock makes it more liquid, making it more attractive for investors. This means that many investors can buy shares of the company in a bid to buy it in the future. The company is now more liquid than any other company in the world.  The exchange may also act as a guarantor of settlement. Exchange may act as guarantors of settlement in settling disputes. The exchange can also be guarantors to settle a dispute or settle it out of a dispute. The exchanges are often used to settle disputes in exchange rates.  These and other stocks may also be traded \"over the counter\" (OTC), that is, through a dealer. These stocks may be traded over the counter or \"over-the-counter\" Stocks can be traded in OTC, OTC or through dealer.  Some large companies will have their stock listed on more than one exchange in different countries, so as to attract international investors. Stock exchanges may also cover other types of securities, such as fixed-interest securities (bonds) or (less frequently) derivatives, which are more likely to be traded OTC.  Trade in stock markets is the transfer (in exchange for money) of a stock or security from a seller to a buyer. Trade in the stock market involves the transfer of money to a seller or a buyer in exchange for a security or a security. Trade is a trade in a stock market.  This requires these two parties to agree on a price. This requires them to agree a price. This is not the first time this has happened in the U.S. This is the first of its kind in the world. This time, it is the last time the government has been able to negotiate a deal with the government. Equities (stocks or shares) confer an ownership interest in a particular company. Equities (stock) confer a ownership interest. Equity is a form of ownership of a stock or a share of a company that is owned by the person who owns the company. The name of an individual company is often used to refer to a person who holds a share in a company.  Participants in the stock market range from small individual stock investors to larger investors. Banks, insurance companies, pension funds and hedge funds can be based anywhere in the world, and may include banks and insurance companies. Participants include pension funds, hedge funds, banks and pension funds.  Their buy or sell orders may be executed on their behalf by a stock exchange trader. Stock exchange traders may execute their orders on behalf of the buyer or seller. Their orders may also be executed by an individual stock exchange officer. The buyer or sell order is executed on behalf by an employee of the employee of a company.  Some exchanges are physical locations where transactions are carried out on a trading floor, by a method known as open outcry. Open outcry is a method of trading on the floor of an exchange. Some exchanges have physical locations, such as physical trading floors, where transactions can be carried out.  This method is used in some stock exchanges and commodities exchanges, and involves traders shouting bid and offer prices. This method involves shouting bids and offers from traders shouting prices at the top of each offer or offer. The method is also known as the \"Bid and Off\" method.  The other type of stock exchange has a network of computers where trades are made electronically. Other type of exchanges have computers where deals are made using computers. The other types of exchanges use computers to make trades electronically. The world's most important stock exchange is based in New York, New York.  An example of such an exchange is the NASDAQ. The NASDAQ is an example of a NASDAQ exchange. An exchange exchange is based on an exchange that allows users to buy and sell shares of companies in the stock market. NASDAQ was founded in 2007 and is now based in New York.  A potential buyer bids a specific price for a stock, and a potential seller asks a certain price for the same stock. A potential seller is asked to sell a stock at a price of the same price. The price of a stock is different depending on the seller's price.  Buying or selling at the Market means you will accept any ask price or bid price for the stock. Buy or sell stock at the market by accepting any price or asking price at the time of purchase. We apologise if you sell or sell any of our stock at any price we may not accept.  When the bid and ask prices match, a sale takes place, on a first-come-first-served basis. If there are multiple bidders at a given price, the sale is held on an open-air auctioneer's behalf. The auctioneer will be auctioned off the property at auction at a later date.  The purpose of a stock exchange is to facilitate the exchange of securities between buyers and sellers, thus providing a marketplace. A stock exchange provides a marketplace for the sale of securities. The market is a marketplace where the exchange is exchanged between the buyer and seller. The exchange exchange is a process of exchange between the seller and the buyer.  The exchanges provide real-time trading information on the listed securities, facilitating price discovery. The exchanges are based in Hong Kong, China, Hong Kong and Shanghai. They are based on information on listed securities listed in the country's most complex financial systems, including those listed in China and Russia.  The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) is a physical exchange, with a hybrid market for placing orders electronically from any location as well as on the trading floor. The NYSE is the largest exchange in the world, trading in the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.  Orders executed on the trading floor enter by way of exchange members and flow down to a floor broker, who submits the order electronically to the floor trading post for the Designated market maker (\"DMM\") for that stock to trade the order. DMM is a Designated Market Makers.  The DMM's job is to maintain a two-sided market, making orders to buy and sell the security when there are no other buyers or sellers. The job of the DMM is to sell and sell security at no one else when there is no other buyer or seller.  DMM may use their own resources (money or stock) to close the difference. If a bid\u2013ask spread exists, no trade immediately takes place. DMM can use money or stock to close up the difference in order to close it up. If the spread is spread, no trading takes place immediately.  Once a trade has been made, the details are reported on the \"tape\" and sent back to the brokerage firm. The brokerage firm then notifies the investor who placed the order. The details are then reported back to their brokerage firm, which then notified the investor.  Computers play an important role in program trading, especially for program trading. Computers also play a role in the creation of program trading programs. Program trading is an important part of the program trading industry, especially in the U.S. Computer trading industry. Computers are a key component in the trading industry's success.  NASDAQ is an electronic exchange, where all of the trading is done over a computer network. The NASDAQ exchange is based in New York City, New York, New Jersey. NASDAQ trading is based on the NASDAQ's computer network, rather than an individual exchange. The exchange is a computer-based electronic exchange.  The process is similar to the New York Stock Exchange. The process was similar to that of New York's New York City stock exchange. It is the first time the process has been allowed to take place in the U.S. The process has taken place in New York.  One or more NASDAQ market makers will always provide a bid and ask the price at which they will always purchase or sell 'their' stock. Market makers always provide bids and prices at which their stock will be purchased or sold. NASDAQ Market Makers bid and sell their stock at the same price as other market makers.  The Paris Bourse, now part of Euronext, is an order-driven, electronic stock exchange. It is the largest in the world and is part of the Eurozone. It was founded in 1973 and is now owned by the French National Bank of Finance.  It was automated in the late 1980s. It is now an automated version of the radio station. It has been automated since the 1980s and was automated by the end of that year. The station is located in California, California, and is located on the East Coast of Los Angeles.  Prior to the 1980s, it consisted of an open outcry exchange. The exchange was known as an open\u00a0exchange\u00a0before\u00a0the 1980s. It is now known as a trading market. The market is now an international trading network with a large number of international investors.  Stockbrokers met on the trading floor of the Palais Brongniart. Stockbroker met with stockbrokers on the floor of Palais\u00a0Brongiart. The Palais was the first of its kind to open its doors to the world's largest stock market.  In 1986, the CATS trading system was introduced, and the order matching system was fully automated. CATS was introduced in 1986, and is now fully automated and automated. The trading system has been fully automated since 1986. The CATS Trading System was introduced by 1986, when it was automated.  People trading stock will prefer to trade on the most popular exchange. This gives the largest number of potential counter parties (buyers for a seller, sellers for a buyer) and probably the best price. People trading stocks will prefer trading on the largest exchange in the world.  There have always been alternatives such as brokers trying to bring parties together to trade outside the exchange. However, there have also been alternatives to the system such as broker-brokers trying to get parties to trade in the market outside of the exchange, such as in the U.S.  Instinet, Island and Archipelago were popular third markets that were popular. Instinet was acquired by Nasdaq and NYSE. The latter two have since been acquired by NYSE and Nasdaq, respectively. Some of Instinet's third markets were later acquired by the Nasdaq/NYSE.  One advantage is that this avoids the commissions of the exchange. One advantage of this is that it avoids the commission of the sale of the shares. One of the main advantages is that the exchange does not have to pay the commission fees. The market is now open for the first time since 2008.  However, it also has problems such as adverse selection and adverse selection. However, there is a good chance that the country will be able to compete in the Olympics in 2016. The country has been in the process of developing a new national football team in the past two decades.  Financial regulators have probed dark pools. Financial regulators are probing dark pools to find out what's going on in the dark. The dark pools are a form of financial black holes in the U.S. financial world. Financial authorities have been investigating dark pools in recent years.  Market participants include individual retail investors, institutional investors, pension funds, insurance companies, mutual funds, index funds, exchange-traded funds, hedge funds and hedge funds. Publicly traded corporations trading in their own shares also participate in the market. Market participants also include pension funds and insurance companies trading in own shares.  Robo-advisors, which automate investment for individuals, are also major participants in the market. Robo-advisory firms such as Robo-Advisors are also a major part of the market, with some of the world's biggest names. The firm is now focusing on automating individual investment decisions and automating the process.  Demographics of market participation are key factors in market participation. Indirect vs. direct vs. indirect participation is key to market participation in the market. Demographics are important factors in participation of the market, say researchers. The study was conducted in the U.S. and Canada respectively.  Direct Investment involves owning shares indirectly, such as via a mutual fund or an exchange traded fund. Direct Investment = = ==Indirect Investment ==indirect Investment. Indirect Investment is a form of direct investment in shares. Direct investment is a direct investment to own shares indirectly.  Direct ownership of stock by individuals rose slightly from 17.8% in 1992 to 17.9% in 2007. The median value of these holdings rose from $14,778 to $17,000. Direct investment involves direct ownership of shares, with the median value rising from $15,000 to $18,000 per person.  Indirect participation in the form of retirement accounts rose from 39.3% in 1992 to 52.6% in 2007. Median value of these accounts more than doubled from $22,000 to $45,000 in that time. The median value of such accounts has more than tripled since 1992.  Rydqvist, Spizman, and Strebulaev attribute the differential growth in direct and indirect holdings to differences in the way each are taxed in the U.S. The authors say the difference is due to differences between the two countries' tax rates.  Pension funds and 401ks, the two most common vehicles of indirect participation, are taxed only when funds are withdrawn from accounts. 401ks and pension funds are two of the most common indirect participation vehicles in the U.S. Pension funds can be invested in directly through retirement funds.  Money used to directly purchase stock is subject to taxation as are any dividends or capital gains they generate for the holder. Any dividends, capital gains generated by the holder are also subject to tax as well as the money used to purchase stock. Money used in direct purchase of stock is also a tax-free investment.  In this way, the current tax code incentivizes individuals to invest indirectly. The tax code is designed to encourage people to invest directly through their tax dollars. The current tax law incentivizes individual investors to make investments indirectly, the author says. The author adds that the tax code should be used to incentivize individuals to make more money.  Participation by income and wealth strata strata ==== ==Participation by income strata of income. Participation by wealth and value of holdings differ significantly across strata, income. = ==participation by wealth, participation by income, value of ownership by wealth. == Participation by value and participation by value of holding.  5.5% of households directly own stock and 10.7% hold stocks indirectly in the form of retirement accounts. In the bottom quintile of income, 5.4% of those households own stocks directly, or indirectly, in their 401 401 401++ account accounts.  The top decile of income has a direct participation rate of 47.5% and an indirect participation rate in the form of retirement accounts of 89.6%. The top income decile has an indirect retirement account rate of 89.6% in retirement accounts, according to the Census Bureau.  The median value of directly owned stock in the bottom quintile of income is $4,000 and is $78,600 in the top decile. As of 2007, the median value in stock ownership in the poorest quintile is $3,000. The median is $8,000 in the richest decile, the highest in the wealthiest decile as of 2007.  Median value of indirectly held stock in the form of retirement accounts for the same two groups in the same year is $6,300 and $214,800 respectively. The median value of indirect held stock for those in retirement accounts in same year was $6.300.  Since the Great Recession of 2008 households in the bottom half of the income distribution have lessened their participation rate both directly and indirectly from 53.2% in 2007 to 48.8% in 2013. Households in the top decile increased participation 91.7% to 92.1% over the same period.  The mean value of direct and indirect holdings at the bottom half of the income distribution moved slightly downward from $53,800 in 2007 to $54,600 in 2013. The bottom half's income distribution rose slightly from $52,000 in 2007, according to the Census.  In the top decile, mean value of all holdings fell from $982,000 to $969,300 in the same time. In the same period, the mean value for all holdings dropped from $1,000, to $9,300, in the top ten decile.  The mean value of all stock holdings across the entire income distribution is valued at $269,900 as of 2013. The average income distribution of all holdings is worth an income distribution worth an average of $270,900. The income distribution has been valued at an average value of $271,900 in 2013.  The racial composition of stock market ownership shows households headed by whites are nearly four and six times as likely to directly own stocks than those headed by blacks and Hispanics. White households are nearly 4 and 6 times more likely to own stock than those of blacks and Hispanic households respectively.  As of 2011 the national rate of direct participation was 19.6%, for white households the participation rate was 24.5%, for black households it was 6.4% and for Hispanic households the rate was 4.3%. For Hispanic households, participation rate is 4.2%.  Indirect participation in 401k ownership shows a similar pattern with a national participation rate of 42.1%, a rate of 46.4% for white households, 31.7% for black households, and 25.8% for Hispanic households. White households have a higher 401k participation rate than any other group.  Households headed by married couples participated at rates above the national averages. 25.6% participated directly and 53.4% indirectly through retirement accounts. 25% of married couples participate directly or indirectly through a retirement account. 53% of those households participated in retirement accounts through retirement funds.  14.7% of households headed by men participated in the market directly and 33.4% owned stock through a retirement account. 33.3% of those households owned stock in retirement accounts, according to the study. The study was conducted by the University of California, California, in 2007 and 2008. 12.6% of female-headed households directly owned stock and 28.7% owned stock indirectly. 12.6.6\u00a0female-headed\u00a0homes\u00a0directly owned stock\u00a0and\u00a028.7 per cent of households owned stock. The country's stock market is the world's largest in terms of the United States and Canada.  A 2003 paper by Vissing-J\u00f8rgensen attempts to explain disproportionate rates of participation along wealth and income groups as a function of fixed costs associated with investing. The paper attempted to explain the disparity of participation in the stock market between wealth and wealth. The study concludes that fixed costs of investing are likely to be a factor.  Her research concludes that a woman's research concluded that a person's body is a better bodybuilder than a person with a bodybuilder. She also concludes that the bodybuilder is a good bodybuilder and a good person who has a healthy body of body parts. She says she hopes to find a way to get the best body parts of the body politicized. ",
  "53": " A car, or an automobile, is a motor vehicle with wheels. A car is a vehicle that has wheels or wheels. It is a car or automobile, or a car, with wheels and wheels. The name of a car is often used to refer to a vehicle or vehicle.  Most definitions of cars state that they run primarily on roads, seat one to eight people, have four wheels, and transport people, not cargo. Most definitions state they run mainly on roads and seat one or eight people. Most definition of cars is that they sit on four wheels and run on the road, seat up to eight passengers.  French inventor Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot built the first steam-powered road vehicle in 1769. French-born Swiss inventor Fran\u00e7ois Isaac de Rivaz designed and constructed the first internal combustion-powered automobile in 1808. Inventor Fran\u00e7ois Isaac De Rivaz also built and drove a car in Switzerland.  Carl Benz invented the modern car in 1886, when he patented his Benz Patent-Motorwagen. The modern car was invented by Carl Benz, a German inventor, in 1886. The car was a practical, marketable automobile for everyday use. It was invented in Germany by German inventor Carl Benz.  Commercial cars became widely available during the 20th century. Commercial cars were first cars made available in the 1930s and 1940s. Cars were first vehicles made available commercially in Europe in the 1920s and 1930s. Commercial cars are now widely available in North America and Europe.  One of the first cars affordable by the masses was the 1908 Model T, an American car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. The Model T was the first car made by Ford to be affordable to the masses. Ford's Model T is one of the world's first affordable cars.  Cars were rapidly adopted in the US, where they replaced horse-drawn carriages. Carriages replaced horse drawn carriages in the early 1900s. Cars were quickly adopted in America, replacing horse carriages as the most popular form of travel. Cars are now widely used in the United States, with many of the world's largest cities.  Demand for automobiles did not increase until after World War II. In Europe and other parts of the world, demand for cars did not rise until after the war. Demand for cars increased in Europe and the United States in the 1930s and 1940s, but did not grow until after WWII.  The car is considered an essential part of the developed economy. It is considered a vital part of a major economy in the developed world. The car industry is considered to be a major source of growth in the global economy. The world's car industry has been driven by the British car industry for more than a decade.  Cars have controls for driving, parking, passenger comfort, and a variety of lamps. Cars have a range of controls for parking, driving and passenger comfort. Cars can also be controlled by touch control buttons and buttons to make sure they are in use. Cars are controlled by buttons, buttons, lights, buttons and lights.  Over the decades, additional features and controls have been added to vehicles, making them progressively more complex. Over the years, the controls have become more complex and more difficult to use, making it easier to use for the first time. The car's controls are now more complex than ever before, with more controls added.  These include rear-reversing cameras, air conditioning, navigation systems, and in-car entertainment. These include air conditioning and navigation systems. Back to Mail Online home. Back To The Top 5: Click here for all the latest from the page you came from.  Most cars in use in the early 2020s are propelled by an internal combustion engine. The engines are fueled by the combustion of fossil fuels. Most cars will be powered by internal combustion engines, fueled by fossil fuels, according to the U.S. National Institute of Energy Security.  Electric cars were invented early in the history of the car and became commercially available in the 2000s. They are predicted to cost less to buy than petrol-driven cars before 2025. Electric cars will cost less than petrol cars in the future, predicted to be cheaper to buy by 2025.  Transition from fossil fuels to electric cars features prominently in most climate change mitigation scenarios. Project Drawdown's 100 actionable solutions for climate change include electric cars. There are costs and benefits to car use, but there are also benefits to electric vehicles, such as the use of fossil fuels.  The costs to the individual include acquiring the vehicle, interest payments (if the car is financed), repairs and maintenance, fuel, and fuel, depreciation, driving time, parking fees, taxes, and insurance. The costs of the vehicle include acquiring a vehicle, paying interest payments, repairs, maintenance and fuel.  The costs to society include maintaining roads, land use, road congestion, air pollution, noise pollution, public health, and disposing of the vehicle at the end of its life. The costs of maintaining roads and land use also include maintaining land use and land rights to society.  Traffic collisions are the largest cause of injury-related deaths worldwide. Collisions are the biggest cause of death-related injuries in the world. Traffic accidents are also the biggest causes of death in the U.S. for the first time in the last 10 years. The world's traffic accidents are the world's largest causes of injury and death.  Personal benefits include on-demand transportation, mobility, independence, and convenience. Personal benefits can include on demand transport, mobility and independence. Personal benefit: mobility, flexibility, independence and convenience. Personal benefits: mobility and flexibility. personal benefits: flexibility, convenience, convenience and flexibility.  Economic benefits include job and wealth creation from the automotive industry, transportation provision, societal well-being from leisure and travel opportunities, and revenue generation from taxes. Societal benefits include economic benefits, such as job creation, transportation and leisure opportunities and tax revenue generation. Benefits include job, wealth creation and transportation provision.  People's ability to move flexibly from place to place has far-reaching implications for the nature of societies. People's mobility has implications for society's future, including the future of people's mobility. People can move freely from places to places to move freely in order to get around the world.  There are around one billion cars in use worldwide. One billion cars are used in the world. Around one billion people are in use of cars worldwide, according to CNN.com's Automotive World Car of the Year. There are more than 1,000 cars in every country, including China.  Car usage is increasing rapidly, especially in China, India, and other newly industrialized countries. Car usage in India, China, and many other countries is also increasing rapidly. Car use is increasing in the United States, India and China, especially among other newly developed countries.  The English word car is believed to originate from Latin carrus/carrum \"wheeled vehicle\" or (via Old North French) Middle English carre \"two-wheeled cart\", both in turn derive from Gaulish karros \"chariot\"  It originally referred to any wheeled horse-drawn vehicle, such as a cart, carriage, or wagon. It was originally used to refer to a wheeled wheeled vehicle such as carriage, wagon, cart or carriage. The word \"cart\" originally used in reference to wheeled vehicles such as carts, wagons and wagons.  \"Motor car\", attested from 1895, is the usual formal term in British English. Motor car is a British motor car, attested in 1895, and is now a formal formal term. Motor cars are the most popular form of car ownership in the world, with a motorist's name \"Motor Car\"  \"Autocar\" means \"self-propelled car\" is now considered archaic. Autocar is a variant attested from 1895 and literally meaning \"self propelled car\". Autocars are now considered an archaic word of the word \"autocar\", a variant of the name.  \"Horseless carriage\" is attested from 1895. Horseless carriage\u00a0attested\u00a0from 1895. It was first known as a \"horseless carriage\". It was later used as a public transport system. It is believed to have been used in the early 1900s.  Automobile is a classical compound derived from Ancient Greek aut\u00f3s (\u03b1\u1f49) and Latin mobilis \"movable\" It entered English from French and was first adopted by the Automobile Club of Great Britain in 1897. \"Automobile\" was first used by Automobile club in Great Britain.  It fell out of favour in Britain and is now used chiefly in North America. The abbreviated form \"auto\" commonly appears as an adjective in compound formations like \"auto industry\" and \"auto mechanic\" It is now commonly used in compound forms like \"automotive industry\"  The first steam-powered vehicle was designed by Ferdinand Verbiest, a Flemish member of a Jesuit mission in China around 1672. The vehicle was powered by a steam engine built in China in 1672 and powered by steam. It is the first steam powered vehicle to be built in the world.  It was a 65-centimetre-long (26 in) scale-model toy for the Kangxi Emperor. The toy was unable to carry a driver or a passenger. It was the size of a 65cm (26in) long (65cm) toy.  Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot is widely credited with building the first self-propelled mechanical vehicle in about 1769. He created a steam-powered tricycle. It is not known with certainty if Verbiest's model was successfully built or run or if it was successfully tested.  He also constructed two steam tractors for the French Army, one of which is preserved in the French National Conservatory of Arts and Crafts. One of the tractors is preserved at the French national conservatory of arts and craftss. He also built two steam tractor engines for French Army.  His inventions were limited by problems with water supply and maintaining steam pressure. His invention was limited to problems with maintaining water supply, maintaining pressure and maintaining water pressure. He invented a steam-powered steam engine, a steam engine for the steam engine and a steam locomotive locomotive.  Richard Trevithick built and demonstrated his Puffing Devil road locomotive in 1801. It is believed by many to be the first demonstration of a steam-powered road vehicle. The locomotive is believed to have been the first steam powered road vehicle to be demonstrated.  It was unable to maintain sufficient steam pressure for long periods and was of little practical use. It was later found to be unable to be used as a steam locomotive. The steam engine was used to steam steam engines in the 1930s and 1940s. It is now used in the United States and Canada.  Development of external combustion (steam) engines is detailed as part of the history of the car but often treated separately from the development of true cars. Developments of steam engines are often treated as separate from true cars and treated separately as a separate development of cars. The development of external\u00a0commissioned\u00a0engines\u00a0is often considered separate from that of true\u00a0cars.  A variety of steam-powered road vehicles were used during the first part of the 19th century. Steam cars, steam buses, phaetons, and steam rollers were used in the first half of the century. The first steam car was used in steam cars, buses and phaetsons.  In the United Kingdom, sentiment against them led to the Locomotive Acts of 1865. In the U.S. sentiment against the locomoties led to them being outlawed in the UK. Locomoties were banned in the United States, Canada and England.  Nic\u00e9phore Ni\u00e9pce and his brother Claude created what was probably the world's first internal combustion engine. They installed the engine in a boat on the river Saone in France. The Pyr\u00e9olophore was called the \"Pyr\u00e9olopore\" in 1807.  In 1807, Swiss inventor Fran\u00e7ois Isaac de Rivaz designed his own \"de Rivaz internal combustion engine\", and used it to develop the world's first vehicle to be powered by such an engine. Coincidentally, the Swiss inventor developed the first vehicle powered by this engine.  Ni\u00e9pces' Pyr\u00e9olophore was fuelled by a mixture of Lycopodium powder, crushed coal dust and resin mixed with oil. de Rivaz used a mixture mixture of hydrogen and oxygen instead of hydrogen, hydrogen or oxygen. The Ni\u00e9pepces used the same mixture of powder and coal dust.  Gustave Trouv\u00e9 demonstrated a three-wheeled car powered by electricity at the International Exposition of Electricity in 1881. Samuel Brown, Samuel Morey, and Etienne Lenoir each built vehicles (usually adapted carriages or carts) powered by internal combustion engines.  1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car. Carl Benz patented his Benz Patent-Motorwagen in 1886. In 1879, Benz was granted a patent for his first engine, which had been designed in 1878. Gottlieb Daimler, Wilhelm Maybach, and Siegfried Marcus were working on cars at the same time.  Many of his other inventions made the use of the internal combustion engine feasible for powering a vehicle. Many of the other inventions were made by the inventor of the invention of the steam engine. He invented the first steam engine, a steam engine for the first time, and many of his inventions made it feasible.  His first Motorwagen was built in Mannheim, Germany, in 1885. His first motor car was built from 1885 to 1887. He was also known for his work in the 1920s and '50s. He also drove the first car in the 1930s and 1930s.  He was awarded the patent for its invention as of his application on 29 January 1886 (under the auspices of his major company, Benz & Cie. Ltd., which was founded in 1883) He was given the patent on the invention of the invention in January 1886.  Benz began promotion of the vehicle on 3 July 1886, and about 25 Benz vehicles were sold between 1888 and 1893. Benz's first four-wheeler was introduced along with a cheaper model in 1893, when he introduced a new model. Benz began promoting the vehicle in 1886 and sold about 25 vehicles in 1888.  They also were powered with four-stroke engines of his own design. They were powered by his own designed engines. They also had four- stroke engines of their own design. They were also powered by the same engines as his own invention of the wheel wheel wheeler wheeler.  Emile Roger of France, already producing Benz engines under license, now adds the Benz car to his line of products. Emile has already been producing an engine under license with the German company. He has added a new line of cars to his range of products, including the Mercedes Benz.  Initially more cars were built and sold in France through Roger than Benz sold in Germany. Initially more were built in France than in Germany, initially more were sold to Roger than in France. Roger was more open to the early cars than the German version of the Mercedes Benz. The Roger Roger version of Mercedes Benz was released in the 1930s.  Bertha Benz, the wife of Carl Benz, undertook the first road trip by car, to prove the road-worthiness of her husband's invention. In August 1888, Bertha went on a road trip to prove that the invention was road-worthy. Bertha was the first woman to drive in a car.  Benz designed and patented the first internal-combustion flat engine, called boxermotor, in 1896. Benz invented the first engine for the first time in 1896 and patented it. Benz was a pioneer in the field of motor racing, with the first boxer motor engine.  Benz was the largest car company in the world with 572 units produced in 1899. Benz & Cie. became a joint-stock company because of the size of the company. The company was the world's largest car manufacturer in the last years of the 19th century.  The Pr\u00e4sident automobil was the first motor car in central Europe and one of the first factory-made cars in the world. It was produced by Czech company Nesselsdorfer Wagenbau (later renamed to Tatra) in 1897. Tatra is the first car made by a Czech company.  Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft (DMG) founded in 1890 in Cannstatt, Germany. The first car was sold in 1892 under the brand name Daimlers. The company sold their first car under the name of Maybach in Maybach.  It was a horse-drawn stagecoach built by another manufacturer, which they retrofitted with an engine of their design. It was the same type of vehicle used by the same manufacturer in the 1930s. The vehicle was later driven by a different manufacturer. It had a horse drawn stagecochic engine of its own.  By 1895, about 30 vehicles had been built by Daimler and Maybach. They set up shop in the Hotel Hermann, where they set up after disputes with their backers. By 1895 they had built about 30 cars and had set up shops in the hotel.  Benz, Maybach, and the Daimler team seem to have been unaware of each other's early work. Benz and Maybach's Maybach are not the same team behind the creation of the Mercedes-Benz S-E1 and the S-A1.  Daimler and Maybach were no longer part of DMG. They never worked together; by the time of the merger of the two companies, they were not part of the company. Maybach was no longer a part of Daimer and Daimleler.  Maybach designed an engine named Daimler-Mercedes that was placed in a specially ordered model built to specifications set by Emil Jellinek. Later that year, Maybach also designed a specially built engine called the Mercedes-Daimler engine. Maybach died in 1900 and the engine was ordered by Emil Maybach to be built to meet specifications.  This was a production of a small number of vehicles for Jellinek to race and market in his country. This was the first production of his own vehicles. The vehicles were designed to be race cars and sell in his native country. The cars were produced in the 1980s and 1990s.  Two years later, in 1902, a new model DMG car was produced and the model was named Mercedes after the Maybach engine, which generated 35 hp. The new model of the car was later called Mercedes after Maybach's 35hp engine. The car was the first to be produced in 1902 and the second in 1902.  Maybach quit DMG shortly thereafter and opened a business of his own. Maybach later left DMG and moved to a new business in New York City, New York, where he was a successful businessman. He later opened up a business in the U.S. and sold out of DMG.  Rights to the Daimler brand name were sold to other manufacturers. The rights to the brand was sold to others in the 1990s and 2000s. The company was forced to sell out of the brand after the sale of the rights to Mercedes and other Mercedes car brands.  In 1890, \u00c9mile Levassor and Armand Peugeot of France began producing vehicles with Daimler engines. This laid the foundation of the automotive industry in France. Armand and \u00c9mile\u00a0Levassor of France laid the foundations of the French automotive industry.  In 1891, Auguste Doriot and Louis Rigoulot completed the longest trip by a petrol-driven vehicle. Their self-designed and built Daimler powered Peugeot Type 3 completed 2,100 kilometres (1,300 mi) from Valentigney to Paris and Brest and back again.  They were attached to the first Paris\u2013Brest\u2013Paris railway line. The first Paris-Brest-Paris line was one of the first to be linked to Paris. The line was also attached to a line from Brest to Brest, France, in the first two years. ",
  "54": " A budget is a calculation plan, usually but not always financial, for a defined period, often one year or a month. Budget is usually financial, but not financial, and often a year or month. It is often a calculation of a budget, usually for a period of one year, or one year.  Budget may include anticipated sales volumes and revenues, resource quantities including time, costs and expenses. Environmental impacts such as greenhouse gas emissions, other impacts, assets, liabilities and cash flows. A budget may also include environmental impacts and assets, including time and costs, assets and liabilities.  Companies, governments, families, and other organizations use budgets to express strategic plans of activities in measurable terms. A budget expresses intended expenditures along with proposals for how to meet them with resources. The budget is used to express intended expenditures and plans for how they will meet them.  A budget may express a surplus, providing resources for use at a future time, or a deficit in which expenditures exceed income or other resources. A surplus may provide resources for future use. A deficit is a deficit of expenditures or expenditures that exceed income. A budget expresses a surplus or deficit.  The budget of a government is a summary or plan of the anticipated resources (often but not always from taxes) and expenditures of that government. The budget is often a summary of anticipated resources and expenditures, often from taxes, and expenditures. A government budget is a detailed summary of the resources of the government.  There are three types of government budgets: the operating or current budget, the capital or investment budget, and the cash or cash flow budget. Each budget is divided into three categories: operating, current, capital, investment and cash flow budgets. There are also two types of budgets: operating and current budget and capital budget.  The federal budget is prepared by the Office of Management and Budget. It is submitted to Congress for consideration. The budget is written by the OMB and submitted to consideration by Congress. The U.S. budget is the nation's largest and largest source of funding for the federal government.  Invariably, Congress makes many and substantial changes. Congress makes changes to the law. Congress will continue to try and find new ways to get around the country. Congress has a history of making significant changes in its own ways, including in the 1970s and 1980s.  Nearly all American states are required to have balanced budgets, but the federal government is allowed to run deficits. The federal government can run deficits without a balanced budget, but states are allowed to do so. Nearly all states must have balanced budgets, but federal government must run deficits, they say.  The budget is prepared by the Budget Division  Department of Economic Affairs of the Ministry of Finance annually. India's budget is the largest in the world and the largest economy in the country. The budget was prepared by Budget Division of the Budget Department of the Economic Affairs Department.  The Finance Minister is the head of the budget making committee. He is responsible for the country's budget making decisions. The committee is based on the budget being made by the Finance Minister. The budget is made up of the finance minister and the minister of state and local governments.  The present Indian Finance minister is Nirmala Sitharaman. She is the current Finance Minister of India. The present Finance Minister is the Indian Prime Minister of the Union of India's Economic Development Commission. The commission is based in New Delhi, India's capital, Dharhar, and the rest of the world's largest states.  The first budget of India was submitted on 18 February 1860 by James Wilson. The Budget includes supplementary excess grants and when a proclamation by the President as to failure of Constitutional machinery is in operation in relation to a State or a Union Territory, preparation of the Budget of such State is made.  P C Mahalanobis is known as the father of Indian budget. He is known for his role in the development of the country's budget. Mahalaobis was born in 1926 and died at the age of 55. He was the first Indian politician to have a budget of $1 billion.  Iran's national budget is the latest one. Iran's budget is based on its national budget. Iran is the most populous country in the Middle East. Iran has the highest budget budget in the world, according to the Iranian constitution. The Iranian national budget budget is estimated to be worth $1.5 billion.  Documents related to budget program are not released. Documentary related to the budget program is not released. Documentary releases are not made public. Documentaries related to program not released by the government. Documents not released on budget program not included in budget documents released by government.  The Philippine budget is considered the most complicated in the world, incorporating multiple approaches in one single budget system. The budget system is based on line-item (budget execution), performance (budget accountability), and zero-based budgeting. The system is considered to be the most complex budget system around the world.  The Department of Budget and Management prepares the National Expenditure Program and forwards it to the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives to come up with a General Appropriations Bill (GAB) The committee on Appropriations comes up with an appropriations bill. The committee is expected to come to an agreement with the House on Appropriations.  The GAB will go through budget deliberations and voting. The same process occurs when the GAB is transmitted to the Philippine Senate. The budget deliberations will also be voted on by the Senate in the Philippines. The Senate will also vote on the budget deliberations of GAB in the coming months.  After both houses of Congress approves the GAB, the President signs the bill into a General Appropriations Act (GAA) The President may opt to veto the bill and have it returned to the legislative branch or leave the bill unsigned for 30 days and lapse into law. The President can also choose to have the bill returned to Congress or leave it unsigned.  There are two types of budget bill veto: the line-item veto and the veto of the whole budget. The veto of a whole budget is the third type of veto in the United States. The budget veto is a veto of an individual veto, rather than a single veto.  A personal budget or home budget is a finance plan that allocates future personal income towards expenses, savings and debt repayment. A budget allocates money towards expenses and savings towards debt repayments. The budget is based on personal income and savings, rather than income earned in a budget.  Past spending and personal debt are considered when creating a personal budget. Past spending is considered when making a budget for a person's life. Personal debt is also considered in the budget process of a person living in a state of financial need to make sure they have enough money to make a budget.  There are several methods and tools available for creating, using, and adjusting a personal budget. Use these tools to create, use, and adjust your personal budget. Use these methods to make sure you have the best budget for the next few years. Use the budget budget tool to help you make the most of your budget decisions.  For example, jobs are an income source, while bills and rent payments are expenses. For instance, jobs and rent are income sources, but bills and bills are also expenses. The cost of living depends on a person's income or income earned, rather than income, according to experts.  A third category (other than income and expenses) may be assets (such as property, investments, or other savings or value) representing a potential reserve for funds in case of budget shortfalls. Assets may be a reserve for money in the case of shortfalls in the budget.  The budget of a business, division, or corporation is a financial forecast for the near-term future. The budget aggregates the expected revenues and expenses of the various departments \u2013 operations, human resources, IT, etc. The budget is based on the revenue and expenses expected from operations and human resources departments.  Budgeting process typically requires considerable effort, often involving dozens of staff. It is a key element in integrated business planning, with measurable targets devolved to departmental managers (and becoming KPIs) Budgeting can then also refer to non-cash resources, such as staff or time.  The budget is typically compiled on an annual basis - although, e.g. is compiled on a different basis, such as an annual. The budget has been compiled by the Government on a number of occasions, including this year's budget for the NHS. The NHS has a budget of \u00a31.2bn (\u00a31.4bn) in mining, this may be quarterly - while the monitoring is ongoing.see Financial risk management \u00a7 Corporate finance.in Mining, it is not the only way to monitor risk management in the industry. See Financial Risk Management for Financial risk Management in the U.S. see Financial Risk Reporting in the United States.  If the actual figures delivered come close to those budgeted, this suggests that managers understand their business and have been successful in delivering on budgeted targets. This suggests that they are successful at delivering on their targets, according to the report. The report was published on Monday, October 1, at 10.30am on CNN.com.  If the figures diverge this sends an \"out of control\" signal, the share price could suffer. The share price may suffer where these figures have been communicated to analysts. The figures are expected to be announced at the end of the year, but if they diverge they could send an out-of-control signal.  Criticism is sometimes directed at the nature of budgeting, and its impact on the organization. Criticisms are often directed at budgeting and the impact of the budgeting process. Criticism may also be directed at how budgeting affects the organization and its budget.  It is suggested that managers will often \"game the system\" in specifying targets that are easily attainable, and / or in asking for more resources than required, such that the required resources  will be budgeted as a compromise. The cost in time and resources is also a problem.  A second observation is that managers' thinking may emphasize short term, operational thinking at the expense of a long term and strategic perspective. For the relationship with strategy, see Strategic planning \u00a7 Strategic planning vs. financial planning. For more information on the relationship between strategy and financial planning, see strategic planning.  Professionals employed in this area are often designated \"Budget Analyst\",  a specialized financial analyst role. Professionals employed as budget analysts are often called Budget Analysts or Budget Budget Advisers. They are often also known as Budget Directors or Budget Analyists. The budget analyst role is often a specialized role in the finance industry.  This usually sits within the company's financial management area in general, sometimes, specifically, in \"FP&A\" (Financial planning and analysis) This is usually within the financial planning area of the company. This is often within the \"Financial Planning and Analysis\" area, such as \"Financial planning & Analysis\"  Sales budget is an estimate of future sales, often broken down into both units. Sale budget is a budget estimate for future sales. Sales budget \u2013 a budget for both sales and a sales budget for the company. Sales budgets are based on sales figures, rather than sales figures.  It is used to create company and sales goals. It is also used to help create goals for sales goals. It is a tool to create sales goals for a company. It can also be used to set goals for the company and help them achieve goals in order to achieve goals.  Production budget \u2013 an estimate of the number of units that must be manufactured to meet sales goals. Production budget is estimated of how many units must be made to meet the sales goals. Production budget - an estimated number of\u00a0units\u00a0must be made\u00a0to meet sales\u00a0goals.  The production budget also estimates the various costs involved with manufacturing those units, including labor and material. The budget is based on the cost of manufacturing the units, such as labor, material and labor. The production costs are estimated at $1.5 million. The cost of the units is estimated at between $1 million and $2 million.  Created by product oriented companies. created by product-oriented companies. Created by Product Oriented companies. Create a product-orientated website. Visit www.product-oriented websites.com/product-orientation.com to find out more info.com. Visit Product Origmentalists.com for more information.  Capital budget \u2013 used to determine whether an organization's long-term investments are worth pursuing. Capital budget is used to decide if an organization is worth pursuing capital projects such as new machinery, replacement machinery, new plants, new products, and research development projects are worth pursing.  Cash flow/cash budget is a prediction of future cash receipts and expenditures for a particular time period. Cash flow and cash budget are a forecast of future spending and cash receipts for a period of time. Cash cash flow and budget are based on cash receipts/receipts for a time period and expenditures.  It usually covers a period in the short-term future, usually covering a period of time. This article is a series of articles by people who have appeared on CNN.com. In the U.S. newspapers, we present the world's most recent news stories from around the world.  Cash flow budget helps to determine when income will be sufficient to cover expenses and when the company will need to seek outside financing. The company's cash flow budget can be used to decide when income is sufficient and when it is needed to pay for expenses. The budget helps the company determine when it will need outside financing if income is not enough to meet expenses.  Conditional budgeting is a budgeting approach designed for companies with fluctuating income, high fixed costs, or income depending on sunk costs, as well as NPOs and NGOs. It is designed for businesses that have fluctuating incomes or high fixed cost, or low sunk costs.  Marketing budget is an estimate of the funds needed for promotion, advertising, and public relations in order to market the product or service. Marketing budget is a budget estimate of how much money will be spent on promotion and advertising. Marketing budgets are estimated by the amount of money needed to market products or services.  Project budget \u2013 a prediction of the costs associated with a particular company project. Project budget is based on the cost of a particular project, such as a project, and the amount of the project budget. Project budgets are based on a budget of around $1,000 per person.  These costs include labour, materials, and other related expenses. Costs include labour and materials, such as materials and labour, for example. These costs also include materials, labour and other costs related to the construction of the buildings and buildings. The costs of these buildings are estimated at $1.5 billion.  The project budget is often broken down into specific tasks, with task budgets assigned to each. Project budgets are often broken up into tasks, such as task budgets for each project. The budget is also often assigned to specific task budgets to each project, with tasks being assigned to the budget.  A cost estimate is used to establish a project budget for a project. Cost estimates are used to set a budget for the project. The cost of a project is a cost estimate, rather than an estimate, to establish the budget. The budget is set to be established in order to ensure the project is budgeted.  Revenue budget \u2013 consists of revenue receipts of government and the expenditure met from these revenues. Budget is made up of government's revenue receipts and expenditure. Budget consists of government spending on revenues and revenues from these receipts. Budget budget is a budget of $1.2 billion.  Revenues are made up of taxes and other duties that the government levies. Government levies taxes, other duties and other taxes to make up the revenue. Revenue is based on taxes and duties levied by the government, including taxes, duties and taxes. Government says revenues are based on national income tax receipts.  Various countries and unions have created four types of tax jurisdictions: interstate, state, local and tax jurisdictions with a special status (Free-trade zones) The tax jurisdictions have been created by international, state and local tax jurisdictions. Free trade zones have a Free-trade zone status.  Each of them provides a money flow to the corresponding revenue budget levels. Each of the cities has a revenue budget of up to $1.5 billion. The city's revenue budget is based on revenue from the city's tax receipts. The budget is set to increase to $3 billion in 2014.  Expenditure budget \u2013 includes spending data items. Spending data items are included in the budget. The budget is based on spending data from 2013-2014. The spending budget is $1.2 billion. The cost of the budget is estimated at $3.2 million per year.  Budget is established for fixed cost and variable rate is determined per activity measure for variable cost. Flexibility budget is set up for fixed costs and variable rates for variable costs. Budget is based on activity measures and activity costs per activity measures. Flexible budget is established with fixed cost, variable rate and fixed cost.  Appropriation budget \u2013 a maximum amount established for certain expenditure based on management judgement. A maximum amount of money is set aside to spend on certain expenditure. A minimum amount is set to be set aside for certain expenses based upon management judgement. A maximum of \u00a31,500 is set out to be spent on certain expenses. A minimum of \u00a32,500 will be set out for certain expenditures.  Performance budget \u2013 mostly used by organization and ministries involved in development activities. Performance budget is used by organizations involved in the development activities. It is mostly used to support performance budgets for organizations and ministries. It is also used for performance budgets to support the performance budget of organizations and organizations.  This process of budget takes into account the end results of the budget process. This budget process takes account of the end result. This process takes place in a budget of $1.5 million. This process is a budget process of $2 million to $3.5 billion.  Zero based budget \u2013 A budget type where every item added to the budget needs approval and no items are carried forward from the prior years budget. Zero based budgets are a budget type that requires approval of all items added to budget. No items carried forward in the budget from the previous years budget will carry forward.  This type of budget has a clear advantage when the limited resources are to be allocated carefully and objectively. The budget has an advantage when it is allocated carefully, objectively, according to the author of the book. This is a good example of how the budget can be allocated in this type of way.  Zero based budgeting takes more time to create as all pieces of the budget need to be reviewed by management. Zero-based budgeting can take more time than budgeting to create. Zero based budgets take longer to create than zero based budgets. Zero budgeting is more time consuming than creating a budget for the company.  Personal budget is a budget type focusing on expenses for self or for home. Personal budget focuses on income to budget, usually involves an income. Personal budgets are based on personal expenses for the self or home, usually involve a budget of $1,000 or $2,000 a year.  The dictionary definition of budget at Wiktionary is defined by the word budget. Media related to Budget at Wikimedia Commons is related to the budget. Quotations related to budget are available at Wikiquote and Wikipedia.com. The budget budget is a budget of $1.6 billion. ",
  "55": " A car, or an automobile, is a motor vehicle with wheels. A car is a vehicle that has wheels or wheels. It is a car or automobile, or a car, with wheels and wheels. The name of a car is often used to refer to a vehicle or vehicle.  Most definitions of cars state that they run primarily on roads, seat one to eight people, have four wheels, and transport people, not cargo. Most definitions state they run mainly on roads and seat one or eight people. Most definition of cars is that they sit on four wheels and run on the road, seat up to eight passengers.  French inventor Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot built the first steam-powered road vehicle in 1769. French-born Swiss inventor Fran\u00e7ois Isaac de Rivaz designed and constructed the first internal combustion-powered automobile in 1808. Inventor Fran\u00e7ois Isaac De Rivaz also built and drove a car in Switzerland.  Carl Benz invented the modern car in 1886, when he patented his Benz Patent-Motorwagen. The modern car was invented by Carl Benz, a German inventor, in 1886. The car was a practical, marketable automobile for everyday use. It was invented in Germany by German inventor Carl Benz.  Commercial cars became widely available during the 20th century. Commercial cars were first cars made available in the 1930s and 1940s. Cars were first vehicles made available commercially in Europe in the 1920s and 1930s. Commercial cars are now widely available in North America and Europe.  One of the first cars affordable by the masses was the 1908 Model T, an American car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. The Model T was the first car made by Ford to be affordable to the masses. Ford's Model T is one of the world's first affordable cars.  Cars were rapidly adopted in the US, where they replaced horse-drawn carriages. Carriages replaced horse drawn carriages in the early 1900s. Cars were quickly adopted in America, replacing horse carriages as the most popular form of travel. Cars are now widely used in the United States, with many of the world's largest cities.  Demand for automobiles did not increase until after World War II. In Europe and other parts of the world, demand for cars did not rise until after the war. Demand for cars increased in Europe and the United States in the 1930s and 1940s, but did not grow until after WWII.  The car is considered an essential part of the developed economy. It is considered a vital part of a major economy in the developed world. The car industry is considered to be a major source of growth in the global economy. The world's car industry has been driven by the British car industry for more than a decade.  Cars have controls for driving, parking, passenger comfort, and a variety of lamps. Cars have a range of controls for parking, driving and passenger comfort. Cars can also be controlled by touch control buttons and buttons to make sure they are in use. Cars are controlled by buttons, buttons, lights, buttons and lights.  Over the decades, additional features and controls have been added to vehicles, making them progressively more complex. Over the years, the controls have become more complex and more difficult to use, making it easier to use for the first time. The car's controls are now more complex than ever before, with more controls added.  These include rear-reversing cameras, air conditioning, navigation systems, and in-car entertainment. These include air conditioning and navigation systems. Back to Mail Online home. Back To The Top 5: Click here for all the latest from the page you came from.  Most cars in use in the early 2020s are propelled by an internal combustion engine. The engines are fueled by the combustion of fossil fuels. Most cars will be powered by internal combustion engines, fueled by fossil fuels, according to the U.S. National Institute of Energy Security.  Electric cars were invented early in the history of the car and became commercially available in the 2000s. They are predicted to cost less to buy than petrol-driven cars before 2025. Electric cars will cost less than petrol cars in the future, predicted to be cheaper to buy by 2025.  Transition from fossil fuels to electric cars features prominently in most climate change mitigation scenarios. Project Drawdown's 100 actionable solutions for climate change include electric cars. There are costs and benefits to car use, but there are also benefits to electric vehicles, such as the use of fossil fuels.  The costs to the individual include acquiring the vehicle, interest payments (if the car is financed), repairs and maintenance, fuel, and fuel, depreciation, driving time, parking fees, taxes, and insurance. The costs of the vehicle include acquiring a vehicle, paying interest payments, repairs, maintenance and fuel.  The costs to society include maintaining roads, land use, road congestion, air pollution, noise pollution, public health, and disposing of the vehicle at the end of its life. The costs of maintaining roads and land use also include maintaining land use and land rights to society.  Traffic collisions are the largest cause of injury-related deaths worldwide. Collisions are the biggest cause of death-related injuries in the world. Traffic accidents are also the biggest causes of death in the U.S. for the first time in the last 10 years. The world's traffic accidents are the world's largest causes of injury and death.  Personal benefits include on-demand transportation, mobility, independence, and convenience. Personal benefits can include on demand transport, mobility and independence. Personal benefit: mobility, flexibility, independence and convenience. Personal benefits: mobility and flexibility. personal benefits: flexibility, convenience, convenience and flexibility.  Economic benefits include job and wealth creation from the automotive industry, transportation provision, societal well-being from leisure and travel opportunities, and revenue generation from taxes. Societal benefits include economic benefits, such as job creation, transportation and leisure opportunities and tax revenue generation. Benefits include job, wealth creation and transportation provision.  People's ability to move flexibly from place to place has far-reaching implications for the nature of societies. People's mobility has implications for society's future, including the future of people's mobility. People can move freely from places to places to move freely in order to get around the world.  There are around one billion cars in use worldwide. One billion cars are used in the world. Around one billion people are in use of cars worldwide, according to CNN.com's Automotive World Car of the Year. There are more than 1,000 cars in every country, including China.  Car usage is increasing rapidly, especially in China, India, and other newly industrialized countries. Car usage in India, China, and many other countries is also increasing rapidly. Car use is increasing in the United States, India and China, especially among other newly developed countries.  The English word car is believed to originate from Latin carrus/carrum \"wheeled vehicle\" or (via Old North French) Middle English carre \"two-wheeled cart\", both in turn derive from Gaulish karros \"chariot\"  It originally referred to any wheeled horse-drawn vehicle, such as a cart, carriage, or wagon. It was originally used to refer to a wheeled wheeled vehicle such as carriage, wagon, cart or carriage. The word \"cart\" originally used in reference to wheeled vehicles such as carts, wagons and wagons.  \"Motor car\", attested from 1895, is the usual formal term in British English. Motor car is a British motor car, attested in 1895, and is now a formal formal term. Motor cars are the most popular form of car ownership in the world, with a motorist's name \"Motor Car\"  \"Autocar\" means \"self-propelled car\" is now considered archaic. Autocar is a variant attested from 1895 and literally meaning \"self propelled car\". Autocars are now considered an archaic word of the word \"autocar\", a variant of the name.  \"Horseless carriage\" is attested from 1895. Horseless carriage\u00a0attested\u00a0from 1895. It was first known as a \"horseless carriage\". It was later used as a public transport system. It is believed to have been used in the early 1900s.  Automobile is a classical compound derived from Ancient Greek aut\u00f3s (\u03b1\u1f49) and Latin mobilis \"movable\" It entered English from French and was first adopted by the Automobile Club of Great Britain in 1897. \"Automobile\" was first used by Automobile club in Great Britain.  It fell out of favour in Britain and is now used chiefly in North America. The abbreviated form \"auto\" commonly appears as an adjective in compound formations like \"auto industry\" and \"auto mechanic\" It is now commonly used in compound forms like \"automotive industry\"  The first steam-powered vehicle was designed by Ferdinand Verbiest, a Flemish member of a Jesuit mission in China around 1672. The vehicle was powered by a steam engine built in China in 1672 and powered by steam. It is the first steam powered vehicle to be built in the world.  It was a 65-centimetre-long (26 in) scale-model toy for the Kangxi Emperor. The toy was unable to carry a driver or a passenger. It was the size of a 65cm (26in) long (65cm) toy.  Nicolas-Joseph Cugnot is widely credited with building the first self-propelled mechanical vehicle in about 1769. He created a steam-powered tricycle. It is not known with certainty if Verbiest's model was successfully built or run or if it was successfully tested.  He also constructed two steam tractors for the French Army, one of which is preserved in the French National Conservatory of Arts and Crafts. One of the tractors is preserved at the French national conservatory of arts and craftss. He also built two steam tractor engines for French Army.  His inventions were limited by problems with water supply and maintaining steam pressure. His invention was limited to problems with maintaining water supply, maintaining pressure and maintaining water pressure. He invented a steam-powered steam engine, a steam engine for the steam engine and a steam locomotive locomotive.  Richard Trevithick built and demonstrated his Puffing Devil road locomotive in 1801. It is believed by many to be the first demonstration of a steam-powered road vehicle. The locomotive is believed to have been the first steam powered road vehicle to be demonstrated.  It was unable to maintain sufficient steam pressure for long periods and was of little practical use. It was later found to be unable to be used as a steam locomotive. The steam engine was used to steam steam engines in the 1930s and 1940s. It is now used in the United States and Canada.  Development of external combustion (steam) engines is detailed as part of the history of the car but often treated separately from the development of true cars. Developments of steam engines are often treated as separate from true cars and treated separately as a separate development of cars. The development of external\u00a0commissioned\u00a0engines\u00a0is often considered separate from that of true\u00a0cars.  A variety of steam-powered road vehicles were used during the first part of the 19th century. Steam cars, steam buses, phaetons, and steam rollers were used in the first half of the century. The first steam car was used in steam cars, buses and phaetsons.  In the United Kingdom, sentiment against them led to the Locomotive Acts of 1865. In the U.S. sentiment against the locomoties led to them being outlawed in the UK. Locomoties were banned in the United States, Canada and England.  Nic\u00e9phore Ni\u00e9pce and his brother Claude created what was probably the world's first internal combustion engine. They installed the engine in a boat on the river Saone in France. The Pyr\u00e9olophore was called the \"Pyr\u00e9olopore\" in 1807.  In 1807, Swiss inventor Fran\u00e7ois Isaac de Rivaz designed his own \"de Rivaz internal combustion engine\", and used it to develop the world's first vehicle to be powered by such an engine. Coincidentally, the Swiss inventor developed the first vehicle powered by this engine.  Ni\u00e9pces' Pyr\u00e9olophore was fuelled by a mixture of Lycopodium powder, crushed coal dust and resin mixed with oil. de Rivaz used a mixture mixture of hydrogen and oxygen instead of hydrogen, hydrogen or oxygen. The Ni\u00e9pepces used the same mixture of powder and coal dust.  Gustave Trouv\u00e9 demonstrated a three-wheeled car powered by electricity at the International Exposition of Electricity in 1881. Samuel Brown, Samuel Morey, and Etienne Lenoir each built vehicles (usually adapted carriages or carts) powered by internal combustion engines.  1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car. Carl Benz patented his Benz Patent-Motorwagen in 1886. In 1879, Benz was granted a patent for his first engine, which had been designed in 1878. Gottlieb Daimler, Wilhelm Maybach, and Siegfried Marcus were working on cars at the same time.  Many of his other inventions made the use of the internal combustion engine feasible for powering a vehicle. Many of the other inventions were made by the inventor of the invention of the steam engine. He invented the first steam engine, a steam engine for the first time, and many of his inventions made it feasible.  His first Motorwagen was built in Mannheim, Germany, in 1885. His first motor car was built from 1885 to 1887. He was also known for his work in the 1920s and '50s. He also drove the first car in the 1930s and 1930s.  He was awarded the patent for its invention as of his application on 29 January 1886 (under the auspices of his major company, Benz & Cie. Ltd., which was founded in 1883) He was given the patent on the invention of the invention in January 1886.  Benz began promotion of the vehicle on 3 July 1886, and about 25 Benz vehicles were sold between 1888 and 1893. Benz's first four-wheeler was introduced along with a cheaper model in 1893, when he introduced a new model. Benz began promoting the vehicle in 1886 and sold about 25 vehicles in 1888.  They also were powered with four-stroke engines of his own design. They were powered by his own designed engines. They also had four- stroke engines of their own design. They were also powered by the same engines as his own invention of the wheel wheel wheeler wheeler.  Emile Roger of France, already producing Benz engines under license, now adds the Benz car to his line of products. Emile has already been producing an engine under license with the German company. He has added a new line of cars to his range of products, including the Mercedes Benz.  Initially more cars were built and sold in France through Roger than Benz sold in Germany. Initially more were built in France than in Germany, initially more were sold to Roger than in France. Roger was more open to the early cars than the German version of the Mercedes Benz. The Roger Roger version of Mercedes Benz was released in the 1930s.  Bertha Benz, the wife of Carl Benz, undertook the first road trip by car, to prove the road-worthiness of her husband's invention. In August 1888, Bertha went on a road trip to prove that the invention was road-worthy. Bertha was the first woman to drive in a car.  Benz designed and patented the first internal-combustion flat engine, called boxermotor, in 1896. Benz invented the first engine for the first time in 1896 and patented it. Benz was a pioneer in the field of motor racing, with the first boxer motor engine.  Benz was the largest car company in the world with 572 units produced in 1899. Benz & Cie. became a joint-stock company because of the size of the company. The company was the world's largest car manufacturer in the last years of the 19th century.  The Pr\u00e4sident automobil was the first motor car in central Europe and one of the first factory-made cars in the world. It was produced by Czech company Nesselsdorfer Wagenbau (later renamed to Tatra) in 1897. Tatra is the first car made by a Czech company.  Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft (DMG) founded in 1890 in Cannstatt, Germany. The first car was sold in 1892 under the brand name Daimlers. The company sold their first car under the name of Maybach in Maybach.  It was a horse-drawn stagecoach built by another manufacturer, which they retrofitted with an engine of their design. It was the same type of vehicle used by the same manufacturer in the 1930s. The vehicle was later driven by a different manufacturer. It had a horse drawn stagecochic engine of its own.  By 1895, about 30 vehicles had been built by Daimler and Maybach. They set up shop in the Hotel Hermann, where they set up after disputes with their backers. By 1895 they had built about 30 cars and had set up shops in the hotel.  Benz, Maybach, and the Daimler team seem to have been unaware of each other's early work. Benz and Maybach's Maybach are not the same team behind the creation of the Mercedes-Benz S-E1 and the S-A1.  Daimler and Maybach were no longer part of DMG. They never worked together; by the time of the merger of the two companies, they were not part of the company. Maybach was no longer a part of Daimer and Daimleler.  Maybach designed an engine named Daimler-Mercedes that was placed in a specially ordered model built to specifications set by Emil Jellinek. Later that year, Maybach also designed a specially built engine called the Mercedes-Daimler engine. Maybach died in 1900 and the engine was ordered by Emil Maybach to be built to meet specifications.  This was a production of a small number of vehicles for Jellinek to race and market in his country. This was the first production of his own vehicles. The vehicles were designed to be race cars and sell in his native country. The cars were produced in the 1980s and 1990s.  Two years later, in 1902, a new model DMG car was produced and the model was named Mercedes after the Maybach engine, which generated 35 hp. The new model of the car was later called Mercedes after Maybach's 35hp engine. The car was the first to be produced in 1902 and the second in 1902.  Maybach quit DMG shortly thereafter and opened a business of his own. Maybach later left DMG and moved to a new business in New York City, New York, where he was a successful businessman. He later opened up a business in the U.S. and sold out of DMG.  Rights to the Daimler brand name were sold to other manufacturers. The rights to the brand was sold to others in the 1990s and 2000s. The company was forced to sell out of the brand after the sale of the rights to Mercedes and other Mercedes car brands.  In 1890, \u00c9mile Levassor and Armand Peugeot of France began producing vehicles with Daimler engines. This laid the foundation of the automotive industry in France. Armand and \u00c9mile\u00a0Levassor of France laid the foundations of the French automotive industry.  In 1891, Auguste Doriot and Louis Rigoulot completed the longest trip by a petrol-driven vehicle. Their self-designed and built Daimler powered Peugeot Type 3 completed 2,100 kilometres (1,300 mi) from Valentigney to Paris and Brest and back again.  They were attached to the first Paris\u2013Brest\u2013Paris railway line. The first Paris-Brest-Paris line was one of the first to be linked to Paris. The line was also attached to a line from Brest to Brest, France, in the first two years. ",
  "56": " A president is a leader of an organization, company, community, club, trade union, university or other group. The president of a group is a member of the board of directors, or a president of the organization, or vice president. A university president is the leader of a university, university, company or community.  Relationship between a president and a chief executive officer varies depending on the structure of the organization. The relationship between the president and CEO varies from a president to a president of an organization's executive branch. A president and an executive can be a president or a vice president of a company.  The corporate president is usually the legally recognized highest rank of corporate officer, ranking above the various vice presidents. The president is generally considered subordinate, in practice, to the CEO. In a similar vein to a chief operating officer, the title of corporate president as a separate position is loosely defined.  The powers of a president vary widely across organizations across organizations. Such powers come from specific authorization in the bylaws like Robert's Rules of Order (e.g. Robert's Rule of Order) Such powers are required to be authorized by the organization's bylaws, such as Robert's rules of order. the president can make an \"executive decision\" only if the bylaws allow for it. The president can only make such an executive decision if he has the power to make such a decision. The bylaws of the president's office are required to allow the president to make the executive decision.  Originally, the term president was used in the same way that foreman or overseer is used now. The term president is still used in that sense today. President was used as a foreman and overseer in the early 20th century. President is still being called president in the United States.  It has now also come to mean \"chief officer\" in terms of administrative or executive duties. It has been used to refer to the chief of a chief executive or chief of an executive. It is now also used to mean chief officer of a major organisation in the United States.  The powers of the president vary widely across organizations across organizations. The president's authority varies widely from his position to that of the nation's national security team. The power of the U.S. president can be found in many organizations, including the White House. The U.N. president has the power to declare a state of power in order to protect the nation.  In some organizations the president has the authority to hire staff and make financial decisions. In others the president only makes recommendations to a board of directors. Some organizations have no executive powers and are mainly a spokesperson for the organization. Others have limited executive powers, such as hiring staff and financial decisions, and still others have little executive powers.  The amount of power given to the president depends on the type of organization, its structure, and the rules it has created for itself. In addition to administrative or executive duties in organizations, a president has the duties of presiding over meetings. A president is also responsible for the decisions made by the organization.  Such duties at meetings include calling the meeting to order and determining if a quorum is present. A president is impartial and does not interrupt speakers if a speaker has the floor and is following the rules of the group. While presiding, a president remains impartial and doesn't interrupt speakers.  In committees or small boards, the president votes along with the other members of the board. The president of a small board can also vote in small committees or boards. In small boards the president has to also vote along with other members in order to get a majority of the vote.  In assemblies or larger boards, the president should vote only when it can affect the result. However, in larger boards or assemblies, he should only vote when he can affect a result. The president should be allowed to vote only in order to affect the outcome of the vote.  At a meeting, the president only has one vote (i.e. at a meeting) at least. The president has only one vote in a meeting. At the end of the meeting, he only has a single vote in order to get the president to approve a decision.  The president cannot vote twice and cannot override the decision of the group unless the organisation has specifically given the president such authority). The president can only vote twice (and cannot override a group's decision to override such a decision). The organisation must give the president the power to override its own decision.  If the president exceeds the given authority, engages in misconduct, or fails to perform the duties, the president may face disciplinary procedures. Disciplinary procedures are used to determine the president's role in the White House. The president may be disciplined for exceeding his authority or for misconduct or failing to perform his duties.  Such procedures may include censure, suspension, or removal from office. Censure, removal, or censure may include removal of office. Such procedures have been used in the United States since 1973. The U.S. Senate may decide whether to censure or remove office staff members.  The rules of the particular organization would provide details on who can perform disciplinary procedures and the extent that they can be done. The rules would also provide details of who can do these disciplinary procedures, such as who can be found guilty of any wrongdoing. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 909090 or visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.  Usually, whoever appointed or elected the president has the power to discipline this officer. Usually, the power of the president is limited to the president. The president is expected to be in charge of the country's national security team. This is the first time this has happened to happen in the U.S.  Some organizations may have a position of  president-elect in addition to the position of president. President-elect is a member of the board of directors, not president-president. The position is the president of the president, not the president-deputy president, or president-election.  The membership of the organization elects a president-elect and when the term of the president-election is complete, that person automatically becomes president. When the term is complete the person becomes president, the person who becomes president automatically becomes the president of the organisation. The organization is based in New York City, New Jersey.  Some organizations may have a position of immediate past president in addition to the position of president. Immediate past president is an example example of a position that may be held by an organization. Some organizations have immediate past presidents as president or vice president. The position is also known as president of the organization.  When the term of the president is complete, that person automatically fills the position of immediate past president. In those organizations, when the president's term is complete the position is automatically filled by the current president of the country's highest-ranking organization. The position automatically fills a person who becomes the president of such an organization.  The organization can have such a position only if the bylaws provide it. The organization must have a position in order to have the position required by its bylaws. The position is required by the organization's bylaws and can be filled only if it has a bylaw approved.  The duties of such a position would also have to be provided in the bylaws of the club's bylaws. The role of a position in such a role would also be required in the clubs' bylaws, such as the president of the board of directors and the secretary of state.  Bennett, Nathan; Stephen A. Bennett; Stephen B. Bennett. Bennett. Bennett. Bennett. Bennett, Nathan. Bennett. Bennett. Bennett: Bennett\u2019s work was published in 1998. The book, \"Nathan Bennett,\" is published by Stephen Bennett and Stephen Bennett. It is published on Bennett's website. Miles (2006) Miles (2006). Miles (2007) Miles. Miles (2008) Miles. Miles (2010) Miles: Miles. \"Miles\" Miles: \"I am a great writer. I am a good writer.\" Miles: I am not a bad writer. Miles: A great writer.\"  The COO is the COO of a company that runs a successful organization. COO has been in the spotlight for more than a decade. The company's COO says he is committed to the future of the company. He says he will be a COO in the next few years. Stanford, California: Stanford University Press.Stanford: The book is published by the University of Stanford University. The book was published in 1998 by the Stanford University of California. It is published in the U.S. and published by Stanford University, California, on October 26, 2013.  ISBN 0.8047-5166-8.8.ISBN 0.8047 - 5.5166,8.9.4.5.6. The book is published in the UK, Australia, Australia and New Zealand editions of this year's edition.  National Association of Parliamentarians, Education Committee (1993). National Association for Parliamentarians (1993) Education Committee. Education Committee: Education Committee. National Parliamentarians' education Committee: 1993. National Association Parliamentarians have been involved in education reform reform reform. National parliamentarians are also involved in reform of the US House of Representatives. Spotlight on You the President. President. You are the president of the U.S. President of the United States. President Barack Obama. President Obama is the only person to be in charge of the country\u2019s national security team. He is the son of former President George W. Bush.  Independence, MO: National Association of Parliamentarians. National Association for Parliamentarians. National Parliamentarians are members of the U.S. House of Representatives. National Assembly of Representatives is a member of the United States Senate of Representatives in Washington, D.C. and the Senate of Statesmen.  ISBN 1-88404848-15-3.3.ISBN 1 -8840 48-15 -3.4.5.5. The book is published in New York, New York and London, England, Australia, Canada, Australia and Australia. ",
  "57": " Association football, more commonly known as football or soccer, is a team sport played between two teams of 11 players each. Players primarily use their feet to propel a ball around a rectangular field called a pitch. The sport is played between 11 players and 11 players per team.  The objective of the game is to score more goals than the opposing team by moving the ball beyond the goal line into a rectangular-framed goal defended by the opposing side. The goal is to move the ball past the goal-line to a rectangular frame of a goal.  Traditionally, the game has been played over two 45-minute halves, for a total match time of 90 minutes. The game has a total 90 minutes of play, with a total of 45 minutes of each half being played. The match is usually played over 45 minutes in two halves, with 45 minutes between halves.  With an estimated 250 million players active in over 200 countries and territories, it is the world's most popular sport. Around 250 million people play each day in more than 200 countries around the world. The sport is the most popular in the world and is played by around 250 million in every country.  The Laws of the Game is a set of rules that has been in effect since 1863 and maintained by IFAB since 1886. Football is played in accordance with the laws of the game, which are maintained by the IFAB. The laws of football have been in force since 1863.  The game is played with a football that is 68\u201370 cm (27\u201328 in) in circumference. The football is 68-70cm (27-28 in ) in circumference and 68cm (68-70 cm) in diameter. It is played in a football with a ball that's 68-68cm (28-68 in) circumference.  The two teams compete to get the ball into the other team's goal (between the posts and under the bar) thereby scoring a goal. The goal is scored by getting the ball in the other side's goal between the two goal posts and the bar. The teams compete for the ball to score a goal in order to get it in the goal.  When the ball is in play, players mainly use their feet, but may use any other part of their body, except for their hands or arms, to control, strike, or pass the ball. Players mainly use the feet of their feet to control or strike the ball in play.  Only goalkeepers may use their hands and arms, and only then within the penalty area. Goalkeepers must also use their arms and hands to make sure they do not use the use of their arms in a penalty area. Goalkeepers are also allowed to use their own arms and their hands in the box.  The team that has scored more goals at the end of the game is the winner. The winner is the team that scores more than one goal at the time of the match. The teams that score more goals in the game are the teams that have scored more than two goals.  An equal number of goals scored may result in a draw being declared, or the game goes into extra time or a penalty shoot-out. FIFA is the governing body of association football in the world. The World Cup is currently governed by FIFA and is governed by the European Football Association.  Under FIFA, there are six continental confederations: AFC, CAF, CONCACAF, CONMEBOL, OFC, and UEFA. FIFA has six confederats, including AFC and CAF. UEFA is one of the most powerful confederates in the world.  CONMEBOL is the oldest confederation of confederations, being founded in 1916. CONMEbOL is one of the most important confederation of the world footballing body in the world. CONmeBOL was founded in Brazil in 1916 and is the largest confederation in South America.  National associations (e.g. national associations) are non-members of the U.S. Council of State of the Union, Congress of States, Organizations, and the National Football League. National associations have been involved in some of the world's most prominent associations, such as FIFA.  The FA or JFA are responsible for managing the game in their own countries both professionally and at an amateur level. They are also responsible for coordinating competitions in accordance with the Laws of the Game. The JFA is responsible for leading the game professionally and in amateur competitions.  The most senior and prestigious international competitions are the FIFA World Cup and the FIFA Women's World Cup. FIFA's most senior competition is the World Cup, FIFA's Women's Cup and FIFA's Cup. The World Cup is one of the most prestigious competitions in the world.  The men's World Cup is the most-viewed sporting event in the world, surpassing the Olympic Games. The Olympic Games are the most watched sporting events around the world. The World Cup has been the most viewed sporting event ever recorded in the history of the World Cup.  UEFA Champions League and UEFA Women's Champions League are the two most prestigious competitions in European club football. The two competitions attract an extensive television audience throughout the world. They attract a large television audience in Europe and Asia. The UEFA Women Champions League is the most prestigious competition in the world and attracts a television audience.  Since 2009, the final of the men's tournament has been the most-watched annual sporting event in the world. The final of 2009 has been watched by millions of millions of people around the world since 2009. The tournament is the most watched sporting event ever recorded in a single year.  Association football is one of a family of football codes that emerged from various ball games played worldwide since antiquity. Football codes emerged from ancient ball games that have been played in ancient times around the world since ancient times. Football is a form of association football that has been played around the globe since the ages of antiquity.  The sport is now usually called \"football\" in Great Britain and most of Ulster in the north of Ireland. People usually call it \"soccer\" in regions and countries where other codes of football are prevalent, such as Australia, Canada, South Africa, most of Ireland (excluding Ulster) and the United States.  The term soccer comes from Oxford slang, which was prevalent at the University of Oxford in England from about 1875, and is thought to have been borrowed from the slang of Rugby School. A notable exception is New Zealand, where in the first two decades of the 21st century, under the influence of international television, \"football\" has been gaining prevalence.  Initially spelt assoccer, it was later reduced to the modern spelling. It was originally spelt Assoccer. It is the name of the first word used to refer to a person involved in a car racing car racing. It has since been used in a variety of car racing cars.  This form of slang also gave rise to rugger for rugby football, fiver and tenner for five pound and ten pound notes, and the now-archaic footer that was also a name for association football. Footer was also used to refer to association football and rugby football.  The word soccer arrived at its current form in 1895 and was first recorded in 1889 in the earlier form of socca. It is first recorded as socca in the early form, socca, in which the word socca was used to refer to the word soccer. Soccer is the most popular sport in the world and has been called soccer.  Kicking ball games arose independently multiple times across multiple cultures. They arose independently in multiple cultures, with kicking ball games being played in ancient times. The ball games have been played around the world for centuries, with many cultures including Japan, China, Japan, Japan and the U.S., Korea, Japan.  Phaininda and episkyros were Greek ball games. They were played in ancient Greek games. The games were known as Phainini and Episkyros. They are now known as the most popular ball games in the world, with some of the greatest hits in Greece.  An image of an episkyros player depicted in low relief on a stele of c.\u2009375\u2013400 BCE in the National Archaeological Museum of Athens appears on the UEFA European Championship trophy. The image of a player on the stele appears on a UEFA European championship trophy.  Athenaeus, writing in 228 CE, mentions the Roman ball game harpastum. The game was played by the Romans in the ancient Roman period of the same period. The ball game is a Roman game played by a Roman ball player called the harpastrum. The ancient ball game was first played in Roman times.  Phaininda, episkyros and harpastum were played involving hands and violence. It was played by hands, violence, and was played in a violent manner. It is played in the hands of a Greek woman and a Greek man. The game was first played in 18th century.  They all appear to have resembled rugby football, wrestling, and volleyball more than what is recognisable as modern football. They all appeared to resemble rugby football and wrestling more than modern football more than they are recognisable modern football, such as volleyball and rugby football. It is not known what modern football is more recognisable than rugby football or wrestling.  The Chinese competitive game cuju (\u8e74\u97a0, literally \"kick ball\"; also known as tsu chu) resembles association football. cuju is a traditional Chinese version of mob football, which involved handling the ball rather than kicking it. As with pre-codified mob football the antecedent of all modern football codes, these three games involved more handling than kicking the ball.  Cuju players could use any part of the body apart from hands and the intent was to kick a ball through an opening into a net.Cuju players were able to kick the ball through any opening in order to get it into the net. Players could also use their hands apart from their hands to make sure the ball went through.  During the Han dynasty (202 BCE \u2013 220 CE), cuju games were standardised and rules were established. Rules were established during the Han Dynasty. Cuju games have been played in China since the early Han era of the Han era. They were first played during China's Han dynasty.  Other East Asian games included kemari in Japan and chuk-guk in Korea. Both were influenced by cuju, and were played in Japan, Korea, Japan and Korea. Other Asian games include chuk guk and kemar, which are similar to cuju in Japan.  Kemari originated after the year 600 during the Asuka period. Emari originated in Japan during the period of the Asanami period. Kemari was born in Japan and is believed to have originated in the region of Japan in the early 20th century. The name Kemari means \"Kemari\" and \"Eekari\"  It was a ceremonial rather than a competitive game, and involved the kicking of a mari, a ball made of animal skin. It was played in a ceremonial game, rather than an actual competitive game. It involved kicking the ball of an animal skin made of the skin, and was kicked by a team of animals.  In North America, pasuckuakohowog was a ball game played by the Algonquians. It was described as \"almost identical to the kind of folk football being played in Europe at the same time\" in which the ball was kicked through goals.  FIFA has described that no historical connection exists with any game played in antiquity outside Europe. FIFA described that there are no similarities to other ball games played around the world. FIFA has said that no history connection exists between the game and any other ball game played outside Europe has been described as 'incomplete'  History of kicking ball in England dates back to at least the eighth century. The history of kicking balls in England has been traced back to the 8th century. Kicking balls is a form of kicking football in England and is a popular form of play in the modern world.  Modern rules of association football are based on the mid-19th century efforts to standardise the widely varying forms of football played in the public schools of England. The modern rules were created by the English public schools in the early 19th century. The rules were designed to help standardise football in England's public schools.  Cambridge rules were first drawn up at the University of Cambridge in 1848. They were particularly influential in the development of subsequent codes, including association football. The Cambridge rules have been used in football since 1848, including football codes such as association football, football and rugby union football.  The Cambridge rules were written at Trinity College, Cambridge, at a meeting attended by representatives from Eton, Harrow, Rugby, Winchester, Winchester and Shrewsbury schools. The meeting was held at the Trinity College at the request of representatives from all schools involved in the rules.  They were not universally adopted. They were the first words used in the world's most popular form of writing. They are now used in a number of countries around the world, including Germany and France. They have been used in more than 50 years of work in the U.S.  Many clubs unconnected to schools or universities were formed throughout the English-speaking world to play various forms of football. During the 1850s, many clubs were formed to play football in England. Many of the clubs were not connected to schools, universities or footballing clubs.  Sheffield Football Club formed by former public school pupils in 1857, which led to the formation of the Sheffield FA in 1867. Sheffield FA was formed in the same year as Sheffield FA, which was formed by the Sheffield public school students in 1866, and Sheffield FA formed in 1868.  In 1862, John Charles Thring of Uppingham School devised an influential set of rules. Thring also devised rules for the school at the same time. The rules were set up by Thring in 1862, when he was a pupil at the school in London. In 1863, Thring devised a new set of school rules for pupils at the Upsham School.  The Football Association (The FA) first met on the morning of 26 October 1863 at the Freemasons' Tavern in Great Queen Street, London. These efforts contributed to the formation of The FA in 1863. The FA was formed in 1863 by members of the Freemason's Tavern in London.  The only school represented was Charterhouse. Charterhouse was the only school to be represented on this occasion. The school was represented by Charterhouse at the time of the event. The first time Charterhouse had been represented in the event was at the end of the war. The event was held in London at the start of the Second World War.  The Freemasons' Tavern was the setting for five more meetings of The FA between October and December 1863. English FA issued the first comprehensive set of rules named Laws of the Game on 8 December 1863, forming football. The English FA eventually issued the Laws of The Game on December 8, 1863.  Laws included bans on running with the ball in hand and hacking (kicking an opponent in the shins) and tripping (tripping and holding) among other things banned from playing in the game. The laws were introduced in the summer of 2013 and banned from running with ball in the hand and playing in hand.  Eleven clubs ratified the original thirteen laws of the game. The original 13 laws were ratified by the FA secretary Ebenezer Cobb Morley. The laws were made by 11 clubs under the charge of the FA. The FA was responsible for ratification of the original laws in the 1920s.  The sticking point was hacking, which a twelfth club at the meeting, Blackheath FC, had wanted to keep, resulting in them withdrawing from the FA. The FA has now withdrawn from the club after the decision was made by the FA in a meeting. The decision to keep hacking was the sticking point in the meeting.  Other English rugby clubs followed this lead and did not join the FA, and instead in 1871, along with Blackheath, formed the Rugby Football Union. Other English clubs followed suit and joined the FA instead of joining the union, and formed Rugby Footballing Union.  FA rules included handling of the ball by \"marks\" and the lack of a crossbar. Rules made it remarkably similar to Victorian rules football being developed at that time in Australia. The FA rules were similar to those of the Victorian rules being developed in Australia in the 1930s.  Sheffield FA played by its own rules until the 1870s, with the FA absorbing some of its rules until there was little difference between the games. The Sheffield FA was absorbed by the FA until there were little differences between the two sides. The FA absorbed some of the Sheffield FA's rules until it was little different.  Barnes played neighbouring Richmond in the first ever match under the Laws of the Game. The 15-a-side match ended in a goalless draw in December 1863. Barnes and Richmond played each other under the new laws of the game. Barnes won the first 15-goal match in the history of Barnes.  The world's oldest football competition is the FA Cup, which was founded by footballer and cricketer Charles W. Alcock in 1872. The FA Cup has been contested by English teams since 1872 and is the oldest competition in the world. England's FA Cup is contested by teams from around the world every year.  The first official international international football match also took place in 1872, between Scotland and England in Glasgow, again at the instigation of Alcock. The match was played in Glasgow in the same year as the first international international match between England and Scotland in Glasgow. Scotland won the match at the end of the match.  England is also home to the world's first football league, which was founded in Birmingham in 1888. Aston Villa director William McGregor founded the league in 1888 with the help of Aston Villa's director. England also has the first ever football league - the World Football League - which was established in 1888 in Birmingham.  The original format contained 12 clubs from the Midlands and Northern England. Original format was 12 clubs. The original version of the original format had 12 teams from the East Midlands and North England. Laws of the Game are determined by the International Football Association Board (IFAB)  The board was formed in 1886 after a meeting in Manchester of the Football Association, Scottish FA, Welsh FA, Irish FA and Welsh Football Association. The Football Association of Wales, the Scottish FA of Wales and the Irish FA of Ireland were also formed in the same year.  FIFA was formed in Paris in 1904 and declared that they would adhere to the Laws of the Game of the Football Association. FIFA is the international football body of the world football governing body FIFA. FIFA was founded in 1904 in Paris and is now the world's governing body of international football.  FIFA representatives were admitted to the IFAB in 1913. FIFA was the first FIFA to admit representatives to the\u00a0IFAB. The IFAB was established in 1913 to help develop the international game. FIFA became FIFA's first FIFA representative in the FIFA World Cup in 1925.  The board consists of four representatives from FIFA and one representative from each of the four British associations. Europe and South America were the dominant regions in association football for most of the 20th century. European and South American associations were dominant regions of association football in the early 1960s.  The FIFA World Cup was inaugurated in 1930. It was the main stage for players of both continents to show their worth and the strength of their national teams. The FIFA tournament was the first to be held in Brazil, Brazil and Argentina. The tournament was held in 1930 in Rio de Janeiro.  The European Cup and the Copa Libertadores were created in the second half of the century. Champions of these two club competitions would contest the Intercontinental Cup to prove which team was the best in the world. The competition was created to prove that the world's best teams were the best. ",
  "58": " A film \u2013 also called a movie, motion picture, moving picture, picture, photoplay or (slang) flick \u2013 is a work of visual art that simulates experiences and communicates ideas, stories, perceptions, feelings, beauty, or atmosphere through the use of moving images.  Images are accompanied by sound and, more rarely, other sensory stimulations. These images are generally accompanied by audio and sound. Images are often accompanied by the sound of sound and other sensory stimuli, such as sound, and are sometimes accompanied by images of a person with a camera.  The word \"cinema\", short for cinematography, is often used to refer to filmmaking and the film industry, and the art form that is the result of it. \"Cinema\" is the name of a film or film that is made of cinematography.  The moving images of a film are created by photographing actual scenes with a motion-picture camera. They are created using traditional animation techniques, by means of CGI and computer animation, or by a combination of some or all of these techniques, and other visual effects. The film's moving images can be captured using a motion picture camera, or using CGI or computer animation.  Before digital production, still images were recorded on a strip of chemically sensitized celluloid (photographic film stock) Usually at a rate of 24 frames per second, a series of still images was recorded on celluloid. Digital production is the first time digital cameras have been used to record still images.  Geneva drive ensures that each frame remains still during its short projection time. The images are transmitted through a movie projector at the same rate as they were recorded, with the Geneva drive ensuring each frame is still during the short projection period. The Geneva drive is used to transmit the images through a projector.  A rotating shutter causes stroboscopic intervals of darkness, but the viewer does not notice the interruptions due to flicker fusion. Flicker fusion is the result of a rotating shutter causing the interruption of stroboscary intervals in darkness. The viewer is not aware of the interruption due to the flickering of the shutter.  The apparent motion on the screen is the result of the fact that the visual sense cannot discern the individual images at high speeds, so the impressions of the images blend with the dark intervals and are thus linked together to produce the illusion of one moving image. The illusion of moving images is due to the fact the images cannot be discerned at high speed.  An optical soundtrack (a graphic recording of the spoken words, music and other sounds) runs along a portion of the film exclusively reserved for it, and was not projected. An analogous optical soundtrack is a graphic reproduction of the words and music used in the film. The soundtrack is not projected, and is not meant to be projected.  Contemporary films are usually fully digital through the entire process of production, distribution, and exhibition. Contemporary films are  fully digital  through the production and distribution process. Films are usually made from digital throughout the entire production and exhibition process of each piece of film being released.  The name \"film\" originally referred to the thin layer of photochemical emulsion on the celluloid strip that used to be the actual medium for recording and displaying motion pictures. The name 'film' originally used to refer to celluloid strips that were used to record and display motion images.  Many other terms exist for individual motion-pictures, including \"picture\", \"picture show\", \"moving picture\", \"photoplay\", and \"flick\" \"Flick\" is \"picture\" and \"picture\u00a0show\" \"Picture show\" is a term for a single motion-picture.  The most common term in the United States is \"movie\", while in Europe, \"film\" is preferred. In the U.S., \"movie\" is the most common word used in the film industry. In Europe, the term is \"film,\" rather than \"movie\"; in the US, the word \"movies\" is more popular.  Archaic terms include \"animated pictures\" and \"animation photography\" Archaics are used to refer to the use of animated images and photography. The term is also used in reference to the nature of the world's first computer-animated photographs. The word \"animating pictures\" is used in many ways to describe the subject matter of photography.  \"Flick\" is, in general a slang term, first recorded in 1926. It is a slang slang term. It was first used in 1926 and was first recorded as a popular slang term for a short-lived period of the same period. The term is also known as \"flick\" in slang slang slang.  The term originates in the verb flicker, owing to the flickering appearance of early films. Common terms for the field, in general, include \"the big screen\", \"the silver screen\", and \"the movies\" The last of these is commonly used, as an overarching term, in scholarly texts.  In the early years, the word \"sheet\" was sometimes used instead of \"screen\" The word \"sheets\" was also sometimes used in early years of the screen era. The word'screen' was sometimes also used in the early days of the film series. The film series is currently being broadcast on PBS.  Art of film has drawn on several earlier traditions in fields such as oral storytelling, literature, theatre and visual arts. The art of film draws on oral storytelling and theatre traditions such as the oral storytelling of film and the visual arts, such as visual storytelling and visual storytelling.  Forms of art and entertainment that had already featured moving or projected images include:\u2014revision, shadowgraphy, camera obscura, magic lanterns, shadow puppetry and the magic lantern. The magic lantern, developed in the 1650s, was first developed in China in the 17th century.  The multi-media phantasmagoria shows that magic lanterns were popular from 1790 throughout the first half of the 19th century. Magic lanterns could feature mechanical slides, rear projection, mobile projectors, superimposition, dissolving views, live actors, smoke (sometimes to project images upon), odors, sounds and even electric shocks.  Stroboscopic animation principle was introduced in 1833 with the stroboscopic disc (better known as the ph\u00e9nakisticope) and later applied in the zoetrope (since 1866), the flip book, and the praxinoscope. It became the basic principle for cinematography.  Experiment with ph\u00e9nakisticope-based animation projectors were made at least as early as 1843 and publicly screened in 1847. Ph\u00e9nakististicope was first made in 1843\u00a0and\u00a0publicly\u00a0screened\u00a0in\u00a01847.  Jules Duboscq marketed ph\u00e9nakisticope projection systems in France from c.\u20091853 until the 1890s. Duboscqs were marketed in France between 1853 and 1890s. Ph\u00e9nakististicope projections systems were developed in France.  Initially photographic emulsions needed such long exposures that the recording of moving subjects seemed impossible. Photographers introduced photography in 1839, but it was difficult to record moving subjects. Photographic emulsion was first developed in the 1800s, and was first used in the early 1800s.  At least as early as 1844, photographic series of subjects posed in different positions were created to either suggest a motion sequence or document a range of different viewing angles. The subjects were intended to be used to suggest motion sequences or document different views of the world. The subject subjects were posed in various positions to suggest a different angle or to document a new angle.  The advent of stereoscopic photography raised interest in completing the photographic medium with the addition of means to capture colour and motion. Early experiments in the 1840s and commercial success since the early 1850s, commercial success in stereoscopic photographs was commercial success. Stereoscopic photography was a popular form of photography in the early 1800s.  Joseph Plateau published about the idea to combine his invention of the ph\u00e9nakisticope with the stereoscope in 1849. Plateau used photographs of plaster sculptures in different positions to be animated in the combined device. In 1849, Plateau proposed to use photos of plaster sculpture to animated the device.  In 1852, Jules Duboscq patented such an instrument as the \"St\u00e9r\u00e9oscope-fantascope, ou B\u00efoscope\", but he only marketed it very briefly, without success. Duboscqu\u00e9 only marketed the instrument very briefly.  One B\u00efoscope disc with stereoscopic photographs of a machine is in the Plateau collection of Ghent University, but no instruments or other discs have yet been found. No instruments have been found, but one of the stereoscopic images of the machine has been found in Ghent.  By the late 1850s the first examples of instantaneous photography came about and provided hope that motion photography would soon be possible. But it took a few decades before it was successfully combined with a method to record series of sequential images in real-time. The method was used to record sequential images of a series of images.  Eadweard Muybridge took a series of photographs of a running horse with a battery of cameras in a line along the track. The results were published as The Horse in Motion on cabinet cards in 1878. The Horse In Motion was published in the same year as the photograph of a horse in motion.  Muybridge, as well as \u00c9tienne-Jules Marey, Ottomar Ansch\u00fctz and many others, would create many more chronophotography studies. The study was first published in 1883, and was published in 1925, 1925, 1927, and 1925.  Muybridge had the contours of dozens of his chronophotographic series traced onto glass discs. He projected them with his zoopraxiscope in lectures from 1880 to 1895. The contours were traced on glass discs and projected in lectures by zoopraiscope.  Ansch\u00fctz made his first instantaneous photographs in 1881. He made the first instantaneous photographs of his photographs of the Great Barrier Barrier Barrier. His photographs were taken at the height of the First World War II. He also took pictures of his wife and her husband in Berlin.  He developed a portable camera that allowed shutter speeds as short as 1/1000 of a second in 1882. He developed the portable camera with a shutter speed of 1/1/1000 seconds. He also developed a camera with shutter speeds of 1.1000 seconds short of the second.  The quality of his pictures was generally regarded to be much higher than that of the chronophotography works Muybridge and \u00c9tienne-Jules Marey. His pictures were generally regarded as much better than those of the works of Muybridges and Marey.  In 1886, Ansch\u00fctz developed the Electrotachyscope, an early device that displayed short motion picture loops with 24 glass plate photographs on a 1.5 meter wide rotating wheel that was hand-cranked to the speed of circa 30 frames per second.  Different versions were shown at many international exhibitions, fairs, conventions and arcades from 1887 until at least 1894. Different versions of the original version appeared at many exhibitions and fairs across the world. The original version was released in 1887, 1894, and was later shown at international exhibitions and conventions.  152 examples of the Electrotachyscope model were made by Siemens & Halske in Berlin and sold internationally. Some 152 examples were made in 1891. The model was a coin-operated peep-box model. It was sold internationally and sold in Germany.  Nearly 34,000 people paid to see it at the Berlin Exhibition Park in summer 1892. The Berlin exhibition was held in the summer of 1892 and opened in August 1892, when it was first opened in Berlin. The show was held at the exhibition park in Berlin, Berlin and Hamburg.  On 25 November 1894, Ansch\u00fctz introduced a Electrotachyscope projector with a 6x8 meter screening in Berlin. Others saw it in London or at the 1893 Chicago World's Fair. The projector was introduced in Berlin in 1894 and was shown in Chicago in 1893.  Between 22 February and 30 March 1895, circa 7,000 paying customers came to view a 1.5-hour show of some 40 scenes at a 300-seat hall in the old Reichstag building in Berlin. Some 40 scenes were shown at the 300-seater hall.  \u00c9mile Reynaud already mentioned the possibility of projecting the images of the Praxinoscope in his 1877 patent application. Reynaud's patent application was published in 1877. The Praxinocope was the first to be projected images from a telescope.  He presented a praxinoscope projection device at the Soci\u00e9t\u00e9 fran\u00e7aise de photographie on 4 June 1880, but did not market his praxinocope a projection before 1882. He did not release the device in 1882, though he did not sell it before that date.  He then developed the device into the Th\u00e9\u00e2tre Optique which could project longer sequences with separate backgrounds, patented in 1888. He then further developed the technology to create longer sequences which could be shown with different backgrounds. He patented the device in 1888 and it was later patented in 1883.  He created several movies for the machine by painting images on gelatin plates that were mounted into cardboard frames and attached to a cloth band. He used gelatin plates to create the films by painting them on hundreds of gelatin plates. The films were created by using gelatin plates mounted in cardboard frames attached to cloth bands.  From 28 October 1892 to March 1900 Reynaud gave over 12,800 shows to a total of over 500,000 visitors at the Mus\u00e9e Gr\u00e9vin in Paris. Reynaud's works were exhibited in Paris between 28 October and March 1892 and March 1900.  The introduction of lengths of celluloid photographic film and the invention of motion picture cameras allowed action to be captured and stored on a single reel of film. Motion picture cameras could photograph a rapid sequence of images using only one lens. First motion pictures were released in the 1880s.  Movies were initially shown publicly to one person at a time through \"peep show\" devices such as the Electrotachyscope, Kinetoscope and the Mutoscope. \"Peep shows\" were first shown to the public in the 1930s and 1940s.  Not much later, exhibitors managed to project films on large screens for theatre audiences. The films were later projected onto large screens in theatres for cinema audiences. Inventors were able to project their films onto large screen screens in cinemas for the first time in the 1960s.  The first public screenings of films at which admission was charged were made in 1895 by Woodville Latham and his sons, using films produced by their Eidoloscope company, by the Skladanowsky brothers and by the \u2013 arguably better known \u2013 French brothers Auguste and Louis Lumi\u00e8re with ten of their own productions.  Private screenings had preceded these by several months, with Latham's slightly predating the others\u00b4s. Private screenings predated the others\u2019s. Latham had a private screening of his film at the end of the year, with private screenings of the film being held in Latham.  The earliest films were simply one static shot that showed an event or action with no editing or other cinematic techniques. The earliest film was simply a static shot without editing or any other techniques. Early evolution of films began with static shots of events or action without editing. Early films were just static shots that showed events and action scenes.  Typical films showed employees leaving a factory gate, people walking in the street, and the view from the front of a trolley as it traveled a city's Main Street. The films were released in the 1930s and 1940s and 1950s, and were released worldwide.  According to legend, when a film showed a locomotive at high speed approaching the audience, the audience panicked and ran from the theater. A locomotive is said to have approached the audience at a time when it was approaching them from a high speed locomotive. The audience panicked when it saw the locomotive approaching them, according to legend.  Around the turn of the 20th century, films started stringing several scenes together to tell a story. Around the world, films have been stringing multiple scenes together for over a decade to tell the story of their characters. The films are now being used to tell more about their stories.  When one shot follows another, that act establishes a relatability. Filmmakers discovered that, when one shot followed another, it establishes a relationship between them. The filmmakers first put several shots or scenes or scenes in order to get the best shot. They discovered that the best way to get a shot was to follow a shot is to follow one shot or scene. ",
  "59": " Personal finance is the financial management which an individual or a family unit performs to budget, save, and spend monetary resources over time. Personal finance takes into account various financial risks and future life events, such as financial risks, and future events. Personal Finance is a form of financial management that involves budgeting, saving and saving.  When planning personal finances, the individual would consider the suitability to their needs of a range of banking products. Investing in private equity, (companies' shares, bonds, mutual funds) and insurance (life insurance, health insurance, disability insurance) products. Participation and monitoring of and- or employer-sponsored retirement plans, social security benefits, and income tax management.  Family economics and consumer economics were taught in various colleges as part of home economics for over 100 years. The earliest known research in personal finance was done in 1920 by Hazel Kyrk. Family economics, consumer economics and home economics are closely related to personal finance, such as family economics.  Her dissertation at University of Chicago laid the foundation of consumer economics and family economics. Her dissertation lay the foundation for consumer economics. She also wrote a book on family economics and consumer economics at the same time as her dissertation at Chicago University. She has published numerous books on consumer economics, family economics, and other topics.  Herbert A. Simon, a Nobel laureate, suggested that a decision-maker did not always make the best financial decision. Margaret Reid, a professor of Home Economics at the same university, is recognized as one of the pioneers in the study of consumer behavior and Household behavior.  Dan Ariely suggested the 2008 financial crisis showed that human beings do not always make rational financial decisions. Social exchange theory and andragogy (adult learning theory) are based on theories such as social exchange theory. The theory of personal finance is based on several theories, such as Social Exchange Theory and adult learning theory.  Professional bodies such as American Association of Family and Consumer Sciences and the American Council on Consumer Interests started to play an important role in developing this field from the 1950s to the 1970s. Professional bodies started to develop the field in the 1960s and '70s.  The establishment of the Association for Financial Counseling and Planning Education (AFCPE) in 1984 at Iowa State University and the Academy of Financial Services (AFS) in 1985 marked an important milestone in personal finance history. AFCPE is an acronym for financial counseling and planning education.  Attendances of the two societies mainly come from faculty and graduates from business and home economics colleges. Attendance of the societies is mainly from business students and graduates of home economics college. The societies are based at the University of Cambridge University, Cambridge, Cambridge University and Cambridge University.  AFCPE started to offered several certifications for professionals in this field, such as Accredited Financial Counselor (AFC) and Certified Housing Counselor. The company also offered Certified Housing Counsellor (CHC) Certified Financial Counselors (CFCP)  The study of personal finance received little attention from mainstream economists and business faculties before 1990. AFS cooperates with Certified Financial Planner (CFP Board) Meanwhile, AFS cooperate with CFP Board, which is based in New York City, New York, New Jersey.  Several American universities such as Brigham Young University, Iowa State University, and San Francisco State University have started to offer financial educational programs in both undergraduate and graduate programs since the 1990s. However, several American universities have started offering financial education programs such as\u00a0Brigham Young University.  These institutions published several works in journals such as The Journal of Financial Counseling and Planning and the Journal of Personal Finance. The institutions published works in the journals such a journal of financial counseling and planning and personal finance. The journals published works such as Journal of Planning and Planning, Personal Finance, and Financial Planning.  Various education programs catering to a broad audience or a specific group of people, such as youth and women. As concerns about consumers' financial capability increased during the early 2000s, various education programs emerged. These programs cater to a wide audience or to a specific audience such as young and women, for example.  Educational programs are frequently known as \"financial literacy\" The educational programs are often known as Financial Literacy. The programs focus on financial literacy as a way to help people understand their finances. The program is often referred to as financial literacy, or financial literacy. The education programs are also known as 'financial literacy', or 'financial education'  However, there was no standardized curriculum for personal finance education until after the 2008 financial crisis. The curriculum was introduced after the financial crisis in 2008. There were no standardized curricula until after that financial crisis, and there is now a standard curriculum for students to learn about personal finance.  The U.S. President's Advisory Council on Financial Capability was set up in 2008 to encourage financial literacy among the American people. The council is set up by President Barack Obama to promote financial literacy in the United States. The Council is based in Washington, D.C. and New York.  It stressed the importance of developing a standard in financial education. It also stressed the need to develop a standard for financial education in the U.S. It has also stressed that financial education is a key part of the education system. The U.N. agency said it is committed to developing a new financial education standard.  Individual situations vary significantly when it comes to income, wealth, and consumption requirements. Personal finance principles can be applied to individual situations. Individuals need to be able to afford to live with their income and wealth. Personal financial principles are based on the principles of personal finance principles, such as personal finance.  Tax and financial regulations vary between countries, and market conditions change both geographically and over time. Market conditions change over time and in the future, and tax and financial rules vary from country to country. Markets change over the course of time, and regulations vary from tax and tax rules between countries.  Advice for one person might not be appropriate for another person. This means that advice for one of these people might be inappropriate for another. This is not always the same thing you should say to one person or to one another. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 909090 or visit a local Samaritans branch, see www.samaritans.org.  A financial advisor can offer personalized advice in complicated situations and for high-wealth individuals. Financial advisors can offer personal advice for complicated situations. A financial adviser can offer customized advice for individuals with high wealth. Financial advice can be personalized for high wealth individuals, such as those with complicated situations, say experts.  University of Chicago professor Harold Pollack and personal finance writer Helaine Olen argue that in the United States, good personal finance advice boils down to a few simple points. Pay off credit card balances every month in full, save 20% of income and create an emergency fund that can last at least 6 months.  A person's financial situation is assessed by compiling simplified versions of financial statements, including balance sheets and income statements. In general, it involves five steps: Assessing, assessing, assessing and assessing a person's finances. Assessing and assessing financial situations involves compiling simplified financial statements.  A personal balance sheet lists the values of personal assets and liabilities. It also lists personal liabilities, such as credit card debt, bank loan, mortgage. A balance sheet is a personal financial document that lists personal assets, liabilities and assets. It lists the value of each person's assets, along with liabilities, as well as assets.  Personal income statement lists personal income and expenses. A personal income statement includes personal expenses and income statements. The income statement is a form of form of a personal tax statement. Personal income statements include expenses, taxes, expenses, expenses and personal expenses. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 909090 or visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.  Multiple goals are expected, including short- and long-term goals. Goal setting is expected to include short and long term goals, including goals for the future. Goalsetting is the same as setting goals in the future, including setting goals for both the future and future.  For example, a long-term goal would be to \"retire at age 65 with a personal net worth of $1,000,000\" Short-term goals would include \"save up for a new computer in the next month\" and saving up for new computers.  Setting financial goals helps to direct financial planning. Set financial goals can help you get ahead of financial goals. Set your own financial goals to help you achieve financial goals, experts say. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 909090 or visit a local Samaritans branch, see www.samaritans.org.  Goal setting is done to meet specific financial requirements. Goal setting does not need to meet financial requirements. Goal setting must be met to meet the financial requirements of the organization. Goalsetting is set up in order to meet certain financial requirements, such as a need for financial stability.  The financial plan details how to accomplish the goals. The plan was created by a team of financial advisers and consultants. The financial document details the financial goals and how to achieve them. It also details how the financial plan will be used to help people achieve the goals of their goals.  It could include, for example, reducing unnecessary expenses, increasing employment income, or investing in the stock market. It could also include investing in stock market, or saving unnecessary expenses. It is possible to reduce unnecessary expenses by reducing employment income or saving for the rest of your life.  Execution of a financial plan often requires discipline and perseverance. Executing a plan requires perseverance and discipline. Execution of financial plans requires patience, perseverance, patience and patience. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 909090 or visit a local Samaritans branch, see www.samaritans.org.  Many people obtain assistance from professionals such as accountants, financial planners, investment advisers, and lawyers. Accountants and financial planners are often consulted by accountants or financial planners. Lawyers and accountants are often used to help people make decisions on their own behalf of their finances.  The financial plan is monitored for possible adjustments or reassessments as time passes. The financial goals are paying off credit card/student loan/housing/car loan debt, investing for retirement, paying for college costs for children, and paying medical expenses. There is a great need for people to understand and take control of their finances.  These are some of the overarching reasons for it;. These are among the reasons for the move to the U.S. State of the Union. The U.N. government has been criticized for its lack of transparency in recent years;. This is the first time the government has allowed the government to take action on the issue of immigration reform;.  No formal education for personal finance: Most countries have a formal education across most disciplines or areas of study. Most countries also have formal education in most of the world's major fields. No formal financial education is required in most cases of personal finance. Personal finance is the subject of the most important question: How do you make money?  Their pursuit translates to earning tangible outcomes in the form of money. Their pursuit is to earn tangible outcomes - and to make money - in the process of earning a living in the U.S. Their pursuit means they can earn more than $1,000 a year in a year.  Even when we realize the above to be a primary objective, there is no formal education at an elementary level in schools or colleges to learn money management or personal finance. No formal education is required at elementary level to learn about personal finance or money management at school or college.  There is no formal way of equipping individuals to manage their own money. This illustrates the need to learn personal finance from an early stage, to differentiate between needs vs. wants and plan accordingly. It is essential to understand this gap or disconnect in the education system where there are no formal ways of managing your money.  2.2.3.4.5.2. 2.3. 4.4. 4.5.5. 5.5: 5.4: 4.6.3: 6.5; 4.2: 5.5: 4:5:5.6:5. 4:6:4:6.4; 4:4.4 :5:8.6. 5:4.4:8:5;4:7:4;5:6;4.6;5.8:6.4.7:8.5.  Several jobs that require manual intervention or that are mechanical are increasingly becoming redundant. Over the years, with the advent of automation  and changing needs; it has been witnessed across the globe that several jobs that are  becoming redundant are becoming redundant. The advent of\u00a0automotive\u00a0technology\u00a0and changing needs are changing needs.  Several employment opportunities are shifting from countries with higher labor costs to countries with lower labor costs keeping margins low for companies. Companies are shifting to countries where labor costs are low. The cost of labor is low enough to keep margins low enough for companies to compete in the labor market.  In economies with a large younger population entering the workforce, several employees in middle management who have not up-skilled are easily replaceable with new and fresh talent that is cheaper and more valuable to the organizations. Young people are more equipped with the latest technologies and are more likely to be replaced by the latest technology.  Consumption and demand is driven by the health of the countries economy. The cyclical nature of several industries like automobile, chemicals, construction, construction and construction industries drives consumption and demand in the country's economy. Many industries are cyclical, like automobile and chemicals industries, are driven by cyclical demand.  It has been observed that when economies stagnate, are in recession, and in war - specific industries suffer more than others. Specific industries are more likely to suffer when an economy stagnates or is in recession. It has also been observed when an industry is in decline or in war, such as war.  This results in companies rationalizing their workforce. Companies rationalize their workforce in order to increase efficiency. This results from rationalizing the workforce of employees. This has led to a reduction in the number of jobs in the United States. For more information, visit CNN.com/Heroes for more.  An individual can lose their job quickly and remain unemployed for a considerable time. A person can lose a job quickly or remain unemployed a long time. People can lose jobs quickly and often stay unemployed for as long as a long period of time. For more information, visit CNN.com/Heroes for more information.  The legal employable age of 60 is slowly and gradually becoming shorter. Individuals should start planning for their retirement and systematically build on their retirement corpus, hence the need for personal finance. These are some of the reasons why individuals should plan for retirement and build on retirement corpus.  3.3.4.3. 3.5.2.5. 4.4. 5.5 million people. 3.4 billion people. 4.3 million people in the U.S. The world's largest city, New York City, is the city of New York, New Jersey.  With the developments in healthcare, people today live till a much older age than their forefathers. People today live a much longer life expectancy than they did in the 1800s. With the development of healthcare, life expectancy has increased dramatically in the past few decades. People now live till an even more advanced age than ever before.  The average life expectancy has changed, and people, even in developing economies, live much longer. Even in developing countries, people live longer than they did in the 1960s and 70s. People in developing nations live longer, and the average life span has increased dramatically in recent years.  Average life expectancy has gradually shifted from 60 to 81 and upwards. The average life expectancy in the U.S. is now at an average age of 81. The U.K. population has increased to an average of 81 per cent in recent years. The country has seen a steady increase in life expectancy since the 1960s, with life expectancy increasing steadily.  Increased life expectancy coupled with a shorter employable age reinforces the need for a large enough retirement corpus. The importance of personal finance and personal finance are important to personal finance in retirement, say experts. The number of people who have a large retirement corpus is at the top of the list.  4.4.3.4. 4.5.2.5. 5.3. 4.5.5: 5.4: 4.6.3: 6.5; 5.5 is 5.6. 4:5.4 is 4.2. 5:4.5 was 5.2 is 5th. 5th is 4th is the 5th highest is the 4th highest in the world.  Medical expenses including cost of prescription medicine, hospital admission care and charges, nursing care, specialized care, geriatric care, have all seen an exponential rise over the years. Medical expenses have seen an increase in prescription medicine and hospital admission charges. Medical costs have also seen a rise in the cost of nursing care and specialized care.  Many of these medical expenses are not covered through insurance policies that might either be private/individual insurance coverage or through federal or national insurance coverage. Many medical expenses might not be covered through private or individual insurance policies, such as individual/individual coverage. Some of the medical expenses may be not covered by private insurance policies.  In developed markets like the US, insurance coverage is provided by either the employers, or the government. In developed countries like the U.S. insurance coverage has been provided by both employers and insurers. Insurance coverage is also provided by the government in developed markets such as the US. ",
  "60": " Solar power, also known as solar electricity, is the conversion of energy from sunlight into electricity. It is either directly using photovoltaics (PV) or indirectly using concentrated solar power. Concentrated solar power can be used directly or indirectly to produce electricity.  Photovoltaic cells convert light into an electric current using the photovoltic effect. Photovolaic cells turn light into a current by converting it to electricity using the effect of light. The solar cells can be converted into electricity by converting light to electricity.  Concentrated solar power systems use lenses or mirrors and solar tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight to a hot spot, often to drive a steam turbine. These systems are often used to power steam turbines in a large solar power plant, often in the form of steam turbines.  Photovoltaics were initially solely used as a source of electricity for small and medium-sized applications. From a calculator powered by a single solar cell to remote homes powered by an off-grid rooftop PV system, they are now being used to power remote homes.  Commercial concentrated solar power plants were first developed in the 1980s. Concentrate solar plants have been developed in several countries. The first concentrated solar plants were developed in 1980s and 1990s. They were developed to meet demand for solar power in the United States in the 1990s and 2001.  Grid-connected solar PV systems' capacity and production have grown more or less exponentially, doubling about every three years. The cost of solar electricity has fallen as the cost has fallen, and production has grown exponentially. Grid-Connected solar systems have doubled about every 3 years.  Solar generated 4.5% of the world's electricity in 2022, compared to 1% in 2015 when the Paris Agreement to limit climate change was signed. Half of new generation capacity will be solar in 2021, with half of the capacity being solar in 2022. In 2015, 1% of global electricity was generated by solar power generated by photovoltaic plants.  In most countries the cheapest levelised cost of electricity for new installations is utility-scale solar. In 2022, almost half the solar power installed in 2022 was rooftop power. Along with onshore wind, in most countries it is the cheapest way to get solar power in the world.  Low-carbon power has been recommended as part of a plan to limit climate change. Low-car power is a key part of the plan to tackle climate change in the UK. It is recommended by the UK government to use low-carbon electricity as a way to reduce carbon emissions.  The International Energy Agency said in 2022 that more effort was needed for grid integration and the mitigation of policy, regulation and financing challenges. The IEA said more effort is needed to tackle the challenges of grid integration in the future. The agency also said that more efforts were needed to overcome policy and regulation challenges.  Geography affects solar energy potential because different locations receive different amounts of solar radiation. Geography also affects potential for solar energy in different locations. Different places receive different solar radiation from different sources of solar energy. Different locations receive more solar radiation than one does in different parts of the world.  Areas that are closer to the equator generally receive higher amounts of solar radiation. Areas closer to equator receive more solar radiation than areas closer to Earth's equator. Areas that receive higher radiation from the sun are affected by solar radiation, such as in areas that are near equator regions.  Photovoltaics that can follow the position of the Sun can significantly increase the solar energy potential in areas that are farther from the equator. The use of photovoltaic devices that follow the sun's position can increase solar power potential in those areas that have less than a million miles from the Earth's equator, say experts.  During the night there is little solar radiation on the surface of the Earth for solar panels to absorb. Time variation affects the potential of solar energy, because during the night the solar radiation is not absorbed by solar panels. Solar panels can also absorb solar radiation from the Earth's surface during the day.  This limits the amount of energy that solar panels can absorb in one day. Solar panels can only absorb the energy they absorb in a single day. This limits how much energy a solar panel can absorb a day, limiting the amount that can be absorbed in a day. The panels can also absorb more energy than they can absorb one day, say experts.  Clouds block incoming light from the Sun and reduce the light available for solar cells. Cloud cover can affect the potential of solar panels because clouds block incoming sunlight from the sun. Clouds can also affect solar cells because they block incoming solar light from being blocked by clouds. Solar cells can also be used to make solar cells more efficient and more efficient in solar power systems.  Land availability has a large effect on the available solar energy. Solar panels can only be set up on land that is otherwise unused and suitable for solar panels. Land availability also affects the availability of solar energy in the United States. The U.S. can only set up solar panels on unused land that can be used for solar power.  Roofs are a suitable place for solar cells, as many people have discovered that they can collect energy directly from their homes this way. Roofs can also be used to collect energy from their own homes, such as solar power panels, according to experts at the University of Cambridge.  Other areas that are suitable for solar cells are lands that are not being used for businesses, where solar plants can be established. Solar plants can also be established on land that is not currently being used by businesses, which can be used to make solar energy efficient. Solar cells can be set up in areas that can be found in the United States, such as Texas.  Photovoltaic (PV) systems use solar panels either on rooftops or in ground-mounted solar farms, converting sunlight directly into electric power. Solar power plants use one of two technologies: solar panels or photovoltic panels. Solar panels convert sunlight directly to electricity.  Concentrated solar power (CSP) uses mirrors or lenses to concentrate sunlight to extreme heat to eventually make steam, which is converted into electricity by a turbine. CSP is a form of CSP that concentrates sunlight to heat to make steam and convert it into electricity.  A solar cell is a device that converts light into electric current using the photovoltaic effect. It converts light to electric current by converting it to electricity using the effect of a solar cell. The solar cells can be used to make solar cells from solar cells or solar cells.  First solar cell was constructed by Charles Fritts in the 1880s. First solar cells were constructed in 1880s by Charles Fitts. Solar cells are now used to make solar cells in the United States. The first solar cell cell was built in the late 1880s in California.  The German industrialist Ernst Werner von Siemens was among those who recognized the importance of this discovery. The discovery was discovered by Ernst Werner Von Siemens at the beginning of the 1900s in Germany. It was the first time the discovery had been made in the history of the invention of the atomic bomb.  In 1931, German engineer Bruno Lange developed a photo cell using silver selenide in place of copper oxide. The prototype selenium cells converted less than 1% of incident light into electricity. In 1931 the German engineer developed the first photo cell, which was developed by Bruno Lange.  Researchers Gerald Pearson, Calvin Fuller and Daryl Chapin created the silicon solar cell in 1954. Russell Ohl created the work in the 1940s in the wake of the discovery of silicon solar cells in the 1950s. In 1954, researchers Gerald Pearson and Calvin Fuller used the silicon to create the solar cells.  Early solar cells cost US$286/watt and reached efficiencies of 4.5\u20136%. These early solar cells were made in the 1930s. They were made of solar cells that cost US $286/Watt and were later found to be cheaper than modern solar cells.  Mohamed M. Atalla developed the process of silicon surface passivation by thermal oxidation at Bell Labs in 1957. In 1957, Mohamed Atalla created the process by thermal oxidating the silicon surface of silicon. Atalla worked on the process for Bell Labs at the time of that time.  The surface passivation process has since been critical to solar cell efficiency. As of 2022 over 90% of the market is crystalline silicon, the majority of the solar cell market will be crystalline. The process is critical to the efficiency of solar cells, as of 2022.  The array of a photovoltaic system, or PV system, produces direct current (DC) power which fluctuates with the sunlight's intensity. The array produces power from an array of solar panels that fluctuates to the intensity of the light. The solar panels can be used to generate electricity from solar cells or solar panels.  For practical use this usually requires conversion to alternating current (AC) through the use of inverters. In inverters can also be used to convert the electricity to AC, or to convert to AC using an inverter. Inverters are used to turn the electricity into alternating current, or AC, into AC. Multiple solar cells are connected inside panels. Multiple solar cells connect inside panels in solar panels. Solar cells can be connected to each other in multiple layers of panels. The solar cells can also be connected inside the panels of solar panels, which are connected by solar cells in panels.  Many residential PV systems are connected to the grid wherever available, especially in developed countries with large markets. Panels are wired together to form arrays, then tied to an inverter, which produces power at the desired voltage, and for AC, the desired frequency/phase.  In these grid-connected PV systems, use of energy storage is optional. In some of these systems use energy storage to store energy storage. Use of storage is also optional in some of the world's largest grid-grid-connected solar energy systems, such as those in China and Australia.  In certain applications such as satellites, lighthouses, or in developing countries, batteries or additional power generators are often added as back-ups. Back-up batteries are often used as backup power generators in certain applications. In developing countries such as developing nations, back-up generators are added as backup generators.  Stand-alone power systems permit operations at night and at other times of limited sunlight. Such stand-alone systems allow operations during daylight hours of operation. Such systems can also be operated at night or at other time of limited daylight hours, say the U.S. government.  A thin-film solar cell is a second generation solar cell made by depositing one or more thin layers, or thin film (TF) of photovoltaic material on a substrate, such as glass, plastic or metal. A thin film is made using thin layers of solar cells on a thin film.  Thin-film solar cells are commercially used in several technologies, including cadmium telluride, copper indium gallium diselenide, and amorphous thin-film silicon (a-Si, TF-Si) Thin-Film solar cells can be used in a variety of technologies, such as CdTe and CIGS.  Concentrated solar power (CSP) also called \"concentrated solar thermal\" uses lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to concentrate sunlight, then use the resulting heat to generate electricity from steam-driven turbines. The parabolic trough, the compact linear Fresnel reflector, the dish Stirling and the solar power tower are among the best known technologies.  Various techniques are used to track the sun and focus light. The sun is used to be used to focus light and track the light in a bid to get the best light in the area. Various techniques were used to capture the light from the sun using various techniques to track and focus the light.  In all these systems a working fluid is heated by the concentrated sunlight and is then used for power generation or energy storage. In all of these systems, the working fluid was heated by concentrated sunlight. It is then then used to be used to power or storage for power or energy. Thermal storage efficiently allows overnight electricity generation, thus complementing PV. Thermal storage can be used to store electricity for overnight power generation. Thermal storage can also be used as a way to store solar energy storage in a bid to save energy from solar panels. Solar panels can be stored in a small amount of energy storage space.  CSP generates a very small share of solar power and in 2022 the IEA said that CSP should be better paid for its storage. As of 2021 the levelized cost of electricity from CSP is over twice that of PV. CSP generated a small fraction of the solar power generated by CSP.  High temperatures may prove useful to help decarbonize industries (perhaps via hydrogen) which need to be hotter than electricity can provide. However, their very high temperatures may be useful for decarbonizing industries. Perhaps via hydrogen, hydrogen could be used to heat industries which need hotter temperatures than electricity.  A hybrid system combines solar with energy storage and/or one or more other forms of generation. The system is called a hybrid system. It combines solar and energy storage to create solar power. The hybrid system is based on solar power and other sources of energy. It is not only a solar system but a combination of solar energy and storage. Hydro, wind and batteries are commonly combined with solar energy. Solar energy is a form of form of energy used to produce solar power. Solar power can be combined with other forms of energy, such as hydrogen and solar power, which can be used to create solar power systems.  Combined generation may enable the system to vary power output with demand, or at least smooth the solar power fluctuation. The combined generation may help smooth the system's fluctuation of solar power, or even smooth the fluctuation, according to CNN.com's John Defterios.com.  There is a lot of hydro worldwide, and adding solar panels on or around existing hydro reservoirs is particularly useful. Hydro is usually more flexible than wind and cheaper at scale than batteries, and existing power lines can sometimes be used. Solar panels can also be added to existing reservoirs.  The early development of solar technologies started in the 1860s was driven by an expectation that coal would soon become scarce, such as experiments by Augustin Mouchot. The development and deployment of solar technology is a long-running process that began in the 1850s. The solar industry has been in decline for decades, but is still on the rise in solar power.  Charles Fritts installed the world's first rooftop photovoltaic solar array on a New York City roof in 1884. The array was using 1%-efficient selenium cells, using 1% efficient 1-percent efficient cells. The first rooftop solar array was installed in New York by Charles Fitts in 1883.  Development of solar technologies stagnated in the early 20th century in the face of the increasing availability, economy, and utility of coal and petroleum. Developments of solar technology stagnated due to the availability of coal, petroleum, and the utility of the electricity and electricity.  Bell Telephone Laboratories\u2019 1950s research used silicon wafers with a very thin coating of boron. Bell Telephone Labs\u2019s research in the 1950s used silicon with a thin coating on the waf. Bell's research was based on the use of a thin-coated silicon wafer with a thick coating of the borbium.  The \u2018Bell Solar Battery\u2019 was described as 6% efficient, with a square yard of the panels generating 50 watts. The \u201cBell Solar battery\u2019s\u201d is described as six% efficient. The battery is said to be 6%\u00a0efficient, with one square yard generating 50\u00a0watts.  The first satellite with solar panels was launched in 1957. The cost of solar power was considered to be unrealistic for conventional applications. Solar power was being used on satellites by the 1970s, but the cost of using it was considered unrealistic. The first satellites with solar power were launched in the 1960s and 1970s.  In 1974 it was estimated that only six private homes in all of North America were entirely heated or cooled by functional solar power systems. In 1974 only six homes in the U.S. were entirely powered by solar power. In 1975 only six of the homes in North America had solar power heating systems.  The 1973 oil embargo and 1979 energy crisis brought renewed attention to developing solar technologies. Deployment strategies focused on incentive programs such as the Federal Photovoltaic Utilization Program in the US and the Sunshine Program in Japan. However, the 1973 energy crisis led to a reorganization of energy policies around the world.  Other efforts included the formation of research facilities in the United States (SERI, now NREL), Japan (NEDO), and Germany (Fraunhofer ISE) Other efforts were made in the U.S. and Japan. NREL was formed in the 1970s and 1980s.  Between 1970 and 1983 installations of photovoltaic systems grew rapidly. Photovolta systems were installed in the United States in the 1970s and '80s. Solar power systems were used to power millions of households in the US and Canada. Solar panels were installed by the U.S. government in the 1960s and 1980s.  Jimmy Carter set a target of producing 20% of U.S. energy from solar by the year 2000, but his successor, Ronald Reagan, removed the funding for research into renewables. Reagan also removed funding for the research into renewable energy by 1980s and 1980s.  Oil prices in the early 1980s moderated the growth of photovoltaics from 1984 to 1996. Falling oil prices moderated growth of solar power in the 1980s. Photovoltasics were used to power millions of households in the United States and Canada.  In the mid-1990s development of rooftop solar as well as utility-scale photovoltaic power stations began to accelerate again due to supply issues with oil and natural gas, global warming concerns, and the improving economic position of PV relative to other energy technologies. Development of both, residential and commercial rooftop solar.  Feed-in tariffs are a policy mechanism that gives renewables priority on the grid and defines a fixed price for the generated electricity. Feed-ins led to a high level of investment security and to a soaring number of PV deployments in Europe. In the early 2000s, the adoption of feed-ins tariffs led to high investment security.  For several years, worldwide growth of solar PV was driven by Europe. Europe led the growth in solar PV in the 1990s and 2000s. Europe has dominated the solar PV market for several years. Europe is the world's biggest source of solar power in the solar industry. ",
  "61": " Franklin Delano Roosevelt served as the 32nd president of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945. He was known as Franklin Roosevelt, or FDR, as the President of the U.S. from 1933 to 1945. FDR died April 12, 1945, at the age of 65.  He is the only U.S. president to have served more than two terms in office. He was a member of the Democratic Party and is a former president of the United States. He is one of only two men to hold office at the same time as George W. Bush.  During his third and fourth terms he was preoccupied with World War II. During his fourth and fifth terms he had to focus on World War I. He was also preoccupied during his fourth term as a member of the House of Representatives. He died at the age of 92 in 1945.  Roosevelt was a member of the prominent Roosevelt family. After attending university, Roosevelt began to practice law in New York City. He was a prominent lawyer in the late 1800s and early 1900s. He died in 1945 in his hometown of New York, New York. He is married to a prominent New York businessman.  Roosevelt was James M. Cox's running mate on the Democratic Party's ticket in 1920. Cox lost to Republican nominee Warren G. Harding. Cox was elected a member of the New York State Senate from 1911 to 1913. He was then assistant secretary of the Navy under President Woodrow Wilson during World War I.  In 1921, President Roosevelt contracted a paralytic illness that permanently paralyzed his legs. Roosevelt was paralyzed by the illness. The illness was the result of an illness that left his legs permanently paralyzed. Roosevelt died of the illness in 1921 at the age of 50. He died of a paralysis that left him paralyzed in 1921.  Roosevelt returned to public office as governor of New York from 1929 to 1933. He promoted programs to combat the Great Depression during his time in office. Partly through the encouragement of his wife, Eleanor Roosevelt, he returned to office in 1932. He was the first president of the United States in the 1930s and 1940s.  In 1932, Roosevelt defeated Republican president Herbert Hoover in a landslide. Roosevelt defeated Hoover in the 1932 presidential election. Roosevelt was elected president of the United States in 1932. Hoover was the first president to win a presidential election in four years. Hoover won a landslide in 1932, defeating the Republican president.  Roosevelt spearheaded unprecedented federal legislation and directed the federal government during most of the Great Depression. He implemented the New Deal in response to the most significant economic crisis in American history. Roosevelt's first 100 days as president were 100 days in charge of the nation's first major economic crisis.  He also built the New Deal coalition, realigning American politics into the Fifth Party System and defining American liberalism throughout the middle third of the 20th century. He also realigned American politics to the Fifth-Party System and defined American liberalism through the 1960s and '70s.  He created numerous programs to provide relief to the unemployed and farmers while seeking economic recovery with the National Recovery Administration and other programs. He created many programs to help the unemployed, farmers and the unemployed. He also created programs to aid the economy in the economic recovery effort to help farmers and others.  He also instituted major regulatory reforms related to finance, communications, and labor. He presided over the end of Prohibition, and instituted major reforms in banking, communications and labor reforms. He also presided over Prohibition, which ended in 1933, and introduced major reforms to finance and communications.  In 1936, Roosevelt won a landslide reelection with the economy having improved from 1933. However, the economy relapsed into a deep recession in 1937 and 1938. In 1938 and 1939, Roosevelt's re-election was a landslide victory for the White House. Roosevelt was elected to the presidency in 1936.  He was unable to expand the Supreme Court in 1937, the same year the conservative coalition was formed to block the implementation of further New Deal programs and reforms. The conservative coalition formed that year to block further reforms. He was the first president of the Democratic Party to be elected to a Supreme Court.  Major surviving programs and legislation implemented under Roosevelt include the Securities and Exchange Commission, the National Labor Relations Act, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and Social Security. Social Security is one of the most important programs and programs implemented under the Roosevelt administration. Roosevelt also implemented the National Deposit Insurance and Federal Security Departments.  In 1940, he ran successfully for reelection, becoming the only American president to serve for more than two terms. He became the only president of the United States to serve more than three terms in his second term. He was elected to the Senate of Representatives in 1940, 1944, 1944 and 1945.  Roosevelt gave strong diplomatic and financial support to China as well as the United Kingdom and the Soviet Union. The U.S. remained officially neutral during the Japanese invasion of China and the aggression of Nazi Germany in 1938. World War II was looming after 1938 in addition to the invasion of Japan and Nazi Germany.  Following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, he obtained a declaration of war on Japan the next day and on Germany and Italy a few days later. The next day he declared war on Germany, Italy and Germany and Japan. He also declared a declaration on Japan, Italy, and Germany.  He worked closely with other national leaders in leading the Allies against the Axis powers. He led the Allied effort to defeat the Axis forces in World War Two. He was a member of the British House of Representatives in the 1930s and 1940s. He died at the age of 92 in 1945.  Roosevelt supervised the mobilization of the American economy to support the war effort. He implemented a Europe first strategy. Roosevelt also implemented a European first strategy in the 1930s and 1940s. Roosevelt was the president of the United States during the Second World War. Roosevelt's administration was responsible for the economic success of the war.  He also initiated the development of the world's first atomic bomb. He worked with the other Allied leaders to lay the groundwork for the United Nations and other post-war institutions. He also laid the groundwork to the creation of the U.N. and the United States.  Roosevelt won reelection in 1944 but died in 1945 after his physical health seriously and steadily declined during the war years. Roosevelt's physical health was seriously affected by the war. Roosevelt died in 1944 after losing his reelection bid in 1944. His physical health deteriorated and he died at the age of 92.  Since then, several of his actions have come under substantial criticism, including his ordering of the internment of Japanese Americans in concentration camps. His actions have been criticized, including ordering the internation of Japanese American in concentration concentration camps, among other things. He has been criticized for his actions since his presidency.  Historical rankings consistently place him as one of the greatest American presidents. However, historical rankings consistently call him one of America's greatest presidents. The U.S. president was assassinated by the assassination of George H.W. Bush in 1945. The assassination was the first assassination of American President George W. Bush.  Franklin Delano Roosevelt was born on January 30, 1882, in Hyde Park, New York. He was born to businessman James Roosevelt I and his second wife, Sara Ann Delano. Roosevelt was the president of the United States from 1882 to 1945. He died in 1945.  His parents, who were sixth cousins, both came from wealthy, established New York families, the Roosevelts, the Aspinwalls and the Delanos, respectively. His parents came from a wealthy New York family. He was born in New York City, New York, and was married to a wealthy family.  Roosevelt's paternal ancestor migrated to New Amsterdam in the 17th century. The Roosevelts succeeded as merchants and landowners in New Amsterdam. Roosevelt's grandfather moved to New York in the late 17th and early 1800s. He is the son of Theodore Roosevelt, who was born in New York City.  The Delano family traveled to the New World on the Fortune in 1621. The Delanos thrived as merchants and shipbuilders in Massachusetts. Philip Delano, the family's patriarch, traveled to New York in 1622. The family thrived in Massachusetts as shipbuilders and merchants.  Franklin Roosevelt had a half-brother, James Roosevelt \"Rosy\" Roosevelt, from his father's previous marriage. Roosevelt's father, James, graduated from Harvard Law School in 1851 but chose not to practice law after receiving an inheritance from his grandfather. Franklin had a father and half-sister.  James Roosevelt once took Franklin to meet President Grover Cleveland, who said to him: \"My little man, I am making a strange wish for you\" Franklin's father was a prominent Bourbon Democrat, who was a member of the Bourbon Democratic Party. He was taken to the White House by James Roosevelt, a Bourbon Democrat.  It is that you may never be President of the United States.\" \"You may never ever be President,\" says President Obama. \"It's not that you can't be president of the U.S. It's that you might never be president,\" says Obama. Obama: \"You can be president, but you may not be president\"  Franklin Roosevelt's mother once declared, \"My son Franklin is a Delano, not a Roosevelt at all\" Franklin's mother was the dominant influence in his early years. Franklin is the son of Franklin Roosevelt, not Roosevelt, according to his mother's words. Franklin was born in New York City, New York, in 1945.  James, who was 54 when Franklin was born, was considered by some as a remote father. Biographer James MacGregor Burns indicates James interacted with his son more than was typical at the time. James was a 54-year-old who interacted more with Franklin than his father was typical.  As a child, Roosevelt learned to ride, shoot, and sail. He also learned to play polo, tennis, and golf. Roosevelt also played polo and tennis. Roosevelt was born in New York City, New York, New Jersey, New Hampshire, New England.  Frequent trips to Europe helped Roosevelt become conversant in German and French. Roosevelt's first trip to Europe began at age two and from age seven to 15. Roosevelt was fluent in German, French, and German at the time of his first visit to Europe at age seven.  Except for attending public school in Germany at age nine, Roosevelt was home-schooled by tutors until age 14. Roosevelt attended public school at age 9, and was home schooled until he was 14 years old. He also attended tutors at age 14 and was tutored until age 18.  He then attended Groton School, an Episcopal boarding school in Groton, Massachusetts. He then went on to study at Groton's boarding school, Groton. He was a member of the Groton boarding school's first class of the alphabet alphabetized alphabetized children.  He was not among the more popular Groton students, who were better athletes and had rebellious streaks. He was a member of the Groton community, but was not a popular student at Groton. He had a rebellious streak and was not popular with other students at the time.  Its headmaster, Endicott Peabody, preached the duty of Christians to help the less fortunate. He urged his students to enter public service and urged them to help others. The school was founded in 1903 and is now based in New York City, New York.  Peabody officiated at Roosevelt's wedding and visited him as president. Like most of his Groton classmates, Roosevelt went to Harvard College. Peabod was a strong influence throughout Roosevelt's life, officiating at his wedding and visiting him as a president. He was married at Groton and attended Harvard.  He was a member of the Alpha Delta Phi fraternity and the Fly Club. He served as a school cheerleader. He was also a student at the University of North Carolina State University. He also served as the school's student cheerleader and a fraternity member. He died at the age of 50.  Roosevelt was editor-in-chief of The Harvard Crimson daily newspaper. The position required ambition, energy, and the ability to manage others. Roosevelt was relatively undistinguished as a student or athlete, but he became an editor in the Harvard Crimson. Roosevelt died in 1945 at the age of 92.  He later said, \"I took economics courses in college for four years, and everything I was taught was wrong\" He said he later said he took economics classes in college \"for four years\" and \"everything he was taught\" was wrong. He said: \"Everything I was told was wrong. It was wrong to tell me what I thought was wrong.\"  \"Roosevelt's father died in 1900, causing great distress for him,\" Roosevelt's father said. Roosevelt's death caused \"great distress\" for Roosevelt, Roosevelt said in a letter to the nation's first lady. Roosevelt died of a heart attack on the White House in 1900.  The following year, Roosevelt's fifth cousin Theodore Roosevelt became President of the United States. Theodore Roosevelt is Roosevelt's cousin and the son of Roosevelt's wife. Theodore was Theodore Roosevelt's first president of the U.S. Theodore Roosevelt was elected to the White House in 1913.  Theodore Roosevelt's vigorous leadership style and reforming zeal made him Franklin's role model and hero. Franklin's reformist style and reformist zeal made Theodore Roosevelt a role model for Franklin. Franklin was Franklin's hero. Theodore Roosevelt was a reformist leader in the 1930s and'reformist'  He graduated from Harvard in three years in 1903 with an A.B. B. from Harvard. He was the first person to graduate from Harvard with a Harvard degree in 1903. He died in 1946 at the age of 92. He is the son of two men who died in his family's home.  In history.in history.com.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Friday for a new gallery of snapshots of the world's best travel photos. In the U.S. state of the art of travel, visit www.dailymailonline.com.  Roosevelt entered Columbia Law School in 1904 but dropped out in 1907 after passing the New York Bar Examination. He remained there for a fourth year, taking graduate courses and becoming an editor of the Harvard Crimson. Roosevelt dropped out of the law school in 1907 and became an attorney.  In 1908, he took a job with the prestigious law firm of Carter Ledyard & Milburn. He worked in the admiralty law division of the firm. In 1908 he joined the firm's admirality law division. He was a member of the British Admiralty Council.  During his second year of college, he met and proposed to Boston heiress Alice Sohier, who turned him down. He proposed to her, but she rejected him. He is now married and has a successful career in New York City, New York, New Jersey.  Franklin then began courting his child-acquaintaintance and fifth cousin once removed, Eleanor Roosevelt. Eleanor Roosevelt is a niece of Theodore Roosevelt. Franklin married Eleanor Roosevelt, a fifth cousin of Roosevelt's first wife, in 1945. Franklin's first marriage was to Eleanor Roosevelt's daughter, a niece and nephew of Roosevelt.  In 1903 Franklin proposed to Eleanor, and after resistance from his mother, they were married on March 17, 1905. Franklin proposed again in 1903 and was married in 1905. He was married to Eleanor in March 1905, and she died in 1953. Franklin's mother was not happy with his proposal.  Eleanor's uncle Theodore, then the president, gave away the bride. Eleanor's father, Elliott, was deceased, and her uncle, Theodore, gave her away. Theodore was the president of the U.S. at the time of the wedding. Eleanor was married to Eleanor's aunt, Eleanor's mother and sister.  Franklin and Sara Roosevelt also provided a townhouse for the couple in New York City, where Sara built a house alongside for herself. The young couple moved into Springwood, New York, and the Roosevelt's townhouse in Springwood. Sara also built a home alongside her own for herself in the city.  Eleanor never felt at home in Hyde Park or New York, but she loved the family's vacation home on Campobello Island. Sara also gave the couple a vacation home, which she also gave them the family vacation home. Sara gave the family the vacation home she gave them.  Burns indicates young Roosevelt was self-assured and at ease in the upper class, while Eleanor was shy and disliked social life. She initially stayed home to raise their children, and initially stayed away from social life, Burns says. Burns: Young Roosevelt was at ease with upper class in upper class.  As his father had, Franklin left the raising of the children to his wife, Eleanor delegated it to caregivers. Eleanor delegated the duties to caregivers. Franklin left his children with the help of his wife. Franklin's wife died of a heart attack at the end of the war.  She later said she knew \"absolutely nothing about handling or feeding a baby\" The mother-of-one says she knew nothing about \"handling or feeding\" a baby. She later apologized for the incident and said she did not know how to handle a baby or feed a child.  Although Eleanor thought sex was \"an ordeal to be endured\", she and Franklin had six children. Although she had sex, she thought it was an \"ordeal to endure\" Eleanor and Franklin Franklin had a six-year-old daughter. She and Franklin also had a son and a daughter of one of the world's richest men.  Anna, James, and Elliott were born in 1906, 1907, and 1910, respectively. Anna and James were married in 1910. Elliott was born in 1907, 1907 and 1910 in New York City, New York, New Jersey. Anna was married to James in 1910 and Elliott in 1910 in the United States.  The couple's second son, Franklin, died in infancy in 1909. The couple had two children, Franklin and Franklin, who were born in 1913. Franklin was born in 1918, but died in 1918 in a nursing home in New York City, New York, New Jersey.  Roosevelt had several extra-marital affairs, including with social secretary Lucy Mercer. Lucy Mercer was discovered by Eleanor in 1918 after she was hired by her social secretary. Another son, also named Franklin, was born in 1914, and the youngest child, John, born in 1916.  Franklin contemplated divorcing Eleanor, but Sara objected, and Mercer would not marry a divorced man with five children. Sara objected to Franklin's marriage, saying she would marry him with five kids. Franklin contemplated divorce but Sara would not agree to marry him, she said. Franklin's wife died of a heart attack at the end of the war.  Franklin promised never to see Mercer again. Franklin and Eleanor remained married, and Franklin and his wife remained married. Franklin promised to never see Mercer ever again. He and Eleanor were married in 1940s and '1952s. Franklin was married to his wife, Eleanor, and she died in 1944.  Eleanor never forgave him, and their marriage became more of a political partnership. She and her husband became a political leader in the 1930s. Eleanor's husband was assassinated by the Nazis in 1940s and '1941s. He was assassinated in 1944, and his wife was killed in his assassination.  Eleanor soon established a separate home in Hyde Park at Val-Kill. She devoted herself to social and political causes independent of her husband. Eleanor established her own home at Hyde Park, Hyde Park. Her husband died in 1918 at the age of 92. She was married to a wealthy family of three men.  Franklin asked Eleanor in 1942 to come back home and live with him again, she refused. Franklin's marriage broke down in 1942, when he asked her to return to his home. She refused to move back to Franklin's home again, leaving him with ailing health. Franklin died in 1945 at the age of 92.  He was not always aware of when she visited the White House and for some time she could not easily reach him on the telephone without his secretary's help. Franklin, in turn, did not visi. Franklin did not know when she would visit him and he did not see her at all times. ",
  "62": " Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is a specification for the encryption of electronic data. It was established by the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in 2001. It is a variant of the Rijndael block cipher developed by two Belgian cryptographers.  Rijndael is a family of ciphers with different key and block sizes. Different key sizes have different key sizes and block size. The family is based on the family of the ciphered cipher family with different block sizes and key sizes. The name is \"Rijrdael\" and the name of the family is Rijnael.  For AES, NIST selected three members of the Rijndael family, each with a block size of 128 bits, but three different key lengths: 128, 192 and 256 bits. NIST: The AES block size is 128 bits; the key length is 192 bits.  AES has been adopted by the U.S. government. It has been used by many of the world's most successful statesmen and women. The U.N. government has adopted the agency's new system of identification and verification procedures. The system is now being used by more than 100,000 people around the world.  It supersedes the Data Encryption Standard (DES), which was published in 1977. It superserses the data encryption standard (DES) DES, which was released in 1977, which is published in 1978. It supersets DES' 1977 DES, published in 1979, and DES' 1976.  The algorithm described by AES is a symmetric-key algorithm, meaning the same key is used for both encrypting and decrypting the data. The algorithm describes the encryption of encryption and decryption of encrypted data using the same encryption key as the key used to encrypt and decrypt data.  In the United States, AES was announced by the NIST as U.S. FIPS PUB 197 (FIPS 197) on November 26, 2001. In the US, AES has been announced by NIST in 2001. AES was announced in 2001 by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)  The Rijndael cipher is included in the ISO/IEC 18033-3 standard. It was announced after a five-year standardization process in which fifteen competing designs were presented and evaluated, before the cipher was selected as the most suitable. It is now included in a standard standard for the encryption of electronic communications.  AES became effective as a U.S. federal government standard on May 26, 2002, after approval by Secretary of Commerce Donald Evans. AES was approved as a standard by the Secretary of commerce Donald Evans in May 2002. The system is now a standard standard in the United States and the United Kingdom. ES is the first (and only) publicly accessible cipher approved by the U.S. National Security Agency for top secret information when used in an NSA approved cryptographic module.ES is available in many different encryption packages, and is the only public-accessible cipher available for top-secret information.  The Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) is based on a design principle known as a substitution\u2013permutation network, and is efficient in both software and hardware. AES is defined in each of the Definitive standards, such as PUB 197 and 18033-3: Block ciphers.  Unlike its predecessor DES, AES does not use a Feistel network. Unlike DES, it uses the same network that DES used in DES. AES is the successor of DES, not DES, which uses the Feistels network. AES was released in December 2013.  AES is a variant of Rijndael, with a fixed block size of 128 bits, and a key size of 256 bits. AES has a key of 128, 192, or 256 bits and a block of 128 or 192 bits. It is a version of the original version of a similar variant of the Rijnael version.  Rijndael per se is specified with block and key sizes that may be any multiple of 32 bits, with a minimum of 128 and a maximum of 256 bits. Block sizes may range from 128 to 256 bits per block size. Key sizes may be up to 128 bits.  Most AES calculations are done in a particular finite field. The AES algorithm is based on a finite field. It is used to calculate a finite number of calculations. The algorithm is called the AES algorithm. It is known as the \"AES algorithm\" and \"the algorithm's algorithm\"  AES operates on a 4 \u00d7 4 4 column-major order array of 16 bytes b0,\u2009b1, \u2009..., and b15 termed the state: The state of the state. AES uses a 4-4-4 order array called the state of state. The state is called the 4-6 state, 4-8 state, 8-16 state, and 4-7 state.     I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to answer the question: \"I'm not going to answer this question\"   -- \"I am going to ask you if you're going to believe you are going to have to answer it.\u201d  \u00a0\u201cI\u2019m going to say yes.\u201c\u201d\u2019s a question: \u2018\u2019\ufffd.\u2019. \u201c\u2019\u2019 is a question about whether you\u2019re going to accept the question. \u2018Yes. I\u2019ll answer it,\u2019 says. \u2019'\u2019,\u201d is a challenge. It\ufffd  The k.e.o\u2019s style is based on a number of simple words: \u2018The.e\u2019 and \u2018\u2018\u201cThee\u201d, \u2018e.\u2019, \u201c\u201d and \u201ce.i.\u201d. \u2018E.Y.Y\u2019 is a form of expression that has been used in the U.S. for more than 30 years. The.eastern Europe has been called the \u201cE.E.R.R\u201d \u2013 Europe, Africa, Asia, Africa and Latin America, Africa. Thee.e has been the subject of a new documentary, \"E.  The size used for an AES cipher specifies the number of transformation rounds that convert the input, called the plaintext, into the final output, called ciphertext. The ciphertext is called the ciphertext, and the size of the transformation rounds used to convert the output into the cipher text.  The number of rounds are as follows: 10 rounds for 128-bit keys. 10 rounds are needed for 128 bit keys. The keys can be used to send messages in encrypted encrypted messages. The key is encrypted using a hex hex hexagonal key or hexagonal hexagonal ring ring. 12 rounds for 192-bit keys. 12 rounds for 256-bit key. 4.5-key keys. 4GB keys. 5GB keys. 12GB keys for 192 bit keys. 4GB key keys. 5GB key. 12GB key. 3GB key key. 4MB key. 5MB key.  14 rounds for 256-bit keys. Each round consists of several processing steps, including one that depends on the encryption key itself. Each encryption key has a key that can be used to encrypt the key to a key. The key is encrypted using an algorithm that can only be used in encrypted encryption.  A set of reverse rounds are applied to transform ciphertext back into the original plaintext using the same encryption key. A reverse round is applied to reverse reverse rounds to transform plaintext into ciphertext. Reverse rounds can be used to transform encrypted ciphertext into plaintext.  Round keys are derived from the cipher key using the AES key schedule. Round keys can be used to derive round keys from a round key. The algorithm is based on the AES cipher key used to generate round keys. The AES algorithm is known as the \"AES-KeyExpansion\" algorithm.  AES requires a separate 128-bit round key block for each round plus one more. The key block must be 128-bits or more than one block per round. AES uses 128-Bit round key blocks to encrypt messages and encrypt messages. The encryption key is a key to the encryption of encrypted messages.  Initial round key addition: AddRoundKey \u2013 each byte of the state is combined with the state of the round key using bitwise xor. Add round key: Add round state to round key. AddRound key: Each byte of state combined with a byte of round key to add the state to the key.  SubBytes \u2013 a non-linear substitution step where each byte is replaced with another according to a lookup table. SubBytes are SubBytes. Subbytes are SubStringings. SubStringing is a step that replaces each byte with a new byte. Substringing is an algorithm that replaces byte with byte.  ShiftRows is a transposition step where the last three rows of the state are shifted cyclically a certain number of steps.ShiftRows \u2013 A transposition of a state is a step that involves shifting the last 3 rows of a row to a row. ShiftRrows \u2013 a step in the transposition steps of a step to shift a row of rows.  MixColumns \u2013 a linear mixing operation which operates on the columns of the state, combining the four bytes in each column.MixColumns is a linear mix operation that operates on each column, combining four bytes. Mix columns operate on columns of a state and combine four bytes of each column to create a new state.  The SubBytes step is replaced with a SubByte using an 8-bit substitution box. The SubByte step is used to replace each byte in the state array with a  SubByte. Each byte    is replaced  with a state array that is replaced by a Sub Byte.  Before round 0, the state array is simply the plaintext/input. The state array before round 0 is simply plaintext or input. The array is used to display the state of the state state. It is used for round 0 to display round 0 and round 0.  This operation provides the non-linearity in the cipher. This operation is known as the \"non-linear operation\" of the cipher. It is used to encrypt messages in encrypted messages. The operation is called the \"Cipheral Operation\" and \"Operation Cipheral Cipher\"  The S-box used is derived from the multiplicative inverse over GF(28, known to have good non-linearity properties. The inverse is known to be known as GF(29) and has good nonlinear properties. It is used in the study of the S-Box.  The S-box is constructed by combining the inverse function with an invertible affine transformation. It is constructed to avoid attacks based on simple algebraic properties. S-boxes are constructed using an inverse function and an affine\u00a0transformer\u00a0invertible\u00a0transformation.  The S-box is also chosen to avoid any fixed points (and so is a derangement), i.e.,.e. i.   . The box is chosen so it avoids any fixed fixed points and also any opposite fixed points. The shape of the box is the same as the name of the word \"S\" and the number of points.  While performing the decryption, the  InvSubBytes step (the inverse of  SubBytes) is used, which requires first taking the inverse of the affine transformation and then finding the multiplicative inverse. The\u00a0InvSubBytes\u00a0step is used to perform the encryption.  The  ShiftRows step operates on the rows of the state. It cyclically shifts the bytes in each row by a certain offset. The state is cyclically shifted by the offset of each row. The step is used to shift bytes in the state by an offset.  For AES, the first row is left unchanged. The first row has been left unchanged. The second row will be left unchanged for the rest of the next row. For the full set of instructions, please visit http://www.aicin.com/AESES for details.  Each byte of the second row is shifted one to the left. The byte of each byte is shifted from the left to the right in order to make it easier for each byte to be moved to the bottom of the row. Each byte has a different byte, and each byte has an additional byte, to make sure it is the same byte.  The third and fourth rows are shifted by offsets of two and three respectively. Similarly, the second and third rows are moved by offset of two or three respectively, respectively. The first and second rows have been shifted by offset offsets of three or two respectively. For example, the first row is shifted by an offset of three and the second row by two.  ShiftRows step is composed of bytes from each column of the input state. In this way, the output state of the shiftRows steps is composed\u00a0of bytes from the input step. The output state is composed from each row of each step of each column in each step.  The importance of this step is to avoid the columns being encrypted independently, in which case AES would degenerate into four independent block ciphers. This step would prevent the encryption process degenerating into four separate blocks. The importance is not being encrypted by encrypting the encrypted data.  In the  MixColumns step, the four bytes of each column of the state are combined using an invertible linear transformation. The state's four bytes are combined to create a new state using the invertable linear transformation. The state is then added to the state and the state is added to each column using an algorithm that transforms each byte to create the state.  MixColumns function takes four bytes as input and outputs four bytes, where each input byte affects all four output bytes. Mix columns are a function where each byte affects four other bytes. The function is a function that takes four different bytes to each output and takes each byte as input or output as input.  MixColumns provides diffusion in the cipher. ShiftRows,  ShiftColumns,  MixRows provide diffusion in cipher. Mix columns provide diffusion of the cipher. Shift rows provide diffusion for the cipher's cipher function. Shift rows,  columns and columns are designed to create diffusion of diffusion.  During this operation, each column is transformed using a fixed matrix (matrix left-multiplied by column gives new value of column in the state): Columns are transformed with a new matrix. Columns in each column are transformed to a new value for each column in each state. ",
  "63": " Cars is a 2006 American animated sports comedy film. It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures. It is produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and is based on the film \"Cars\" The film was released by Pixar and Disney's Walt Disney Studios in 2006.  The film was directed by John Lasseter, co-directed by Joe Ranft, produced by Darla K. Anderson. It was the final film independently produced by Pixar after its purchase by Disney in January 2006. It is also the final Pixar film produced independently.  The film features an ensemble voice cast of Owen Wilson, Paul Newman, Bonnie Hunt, Larry the Cable Guy, Tony Shalhoub, Cheech Marin, Michael Wallis, George Carlin, Paul Dooley, Guido Quaroni and Michael Keaton. Dale Earnhardt Jr. (as \"Junior\") and Mario Andretti, Michael Schumacher and car enthusiast Jay Leno voice themselves.  Cars is set in a world populated entirely by anthropomorphic vehicles. The film is based on the world of an anthropomorphic car. It was released in March 2013. The movie is set to be released in October 2013. It is set on the theme of the animated series Cars.  The film follows a selfish and arrogant young racecar named Lightning McQueen. He becomes stranded in a forgotten town called Radiator Springs. He learns to be humbler and more respectful towards others. The film is based on the racecar's journey to the biggest race of his life.  Development for Cars started in 1998, after finishing the production of A Bug's Life. New script titled The Yellow Car was about an electric car living in a gas-guzzling world with Klubien writing. The electric car is about a car that lives in an electric world.  It was announced that the producers agreed that it could be the next Pixar film after A Bug's Life, scheduled for a 1999 release, particularly around June 4. The idea was later scrapped in favor of Toy Story 2, which was later later released in 1999. It was scheduled to be released on June 4, 1999.  Production resumed with major script changes. Production resumed shortly after, with major changes to the script. Production was halted after major changes were made to the film. The film is set to be released on Blu-Ray in September 2014, with a new version of the film being released later that year.  The film was inspired by Lasseter's experiences on a cross-country road trip. The film is based on the experiences of the director on a road trip to the U.S. The film will be released in theaters on December 25, 2015. It is the first time the film has been shown in cinemas in theaters.  Randy Newman composed the film's score, while artists such as Sheryl Crow, Rascal Flatts, John Mayer and Brad Paisley contributed to the soundtrack. The film's soundtrack was released in November 2013. Sheryl\u00a0Crow, Rasc Flatts and John Mayer contributed to soundtrack.  The film premiered on May 26, 2006, at Lowe's Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina and was theatrically released in the United States on June 9, to generally positive reviews and commercial success. It grossed $462 million worldwide against a budget of $120 million, becoming the sixth-highest-grossing film of 2006.  The film received two nominations at the 79th Academy Awards, including Best Animated Feature, but lost to Happy Feet. The film won both Annie Award and Golden Globe Award for Animated Feature Film. It also won the Annie Award for Best Animated Animated Feature and the Golden Globe for Best Animation Film.  The film was released on DVD on November 7, 2006, on VHS in limited quantities on February 19, 2007, and on Blu-ray on November 6, 2007. The film has been released on a limited release on DVD, VHS, and limited quantities of VHS.  The film was accompanied by the short One Man Band for its theatrical and home media releases. The short was released to coincide with the release of the film's first film, \"One Man Band\" The film is released on DVD, Blu-Ray and DVD and DVD DVD.  The film was dedicated to Joe Ranft, who died in a car crash during the film's production. The film is dedicated to the late film's co-producer, who was killed in a crash during production. It was released in March 2010. The movie was released on DVD and Blu-Ray in October 2013.  The success of Cars launched a multimedia franchise and a series of two sequels produced by Pixar and two spin-offs produced by Disneytoon Studios, starting with Cars 2 (2011) Cars 2 was released in 2011. Cars 2 is the second sequel to the film, followed by Cars 3 (2011), and a spin-off in Cars 2.  Dinoco 400 race marks the climax of the Piston Cup season. The Dinoco Cup is the final race in the world of an anthropomorphic car race. The race is the culmination of the series of races held in a world populated by anthropomorphic vehicles. It is the first race in a series of events featuring anthropomorphic cars.  The event intensifies a rivalry between the retiring seven-time champion, Strip \"The King\" Weathers, the cunning Chick Hicks, and the talented but arrogant rookie, Lightning McQueen. The race begins at 9.30pm on July 1, 2009. The event is the first time the event has been held in the United States since 1988.  Lightning struggles with teamwork due to his self-centered attitude. Lightning is desperate to win and gain entry into the prestigious Dinoco team. Lightning struggles to gain entry to Dinoco Team USA and win a place in the Dinoco World Cup. Lightning was born in New York City, New York.  Lightning avoids a major collision but loses the lead by refusing to take a pit stop, causing his rear tires to blow out before he can win. Lightning avoids major collision instigated by Chick but loses lead by failing to take pit stop. Lightning's rear tires blow out causing him to lose the lead.  The race ends in a three-way tie, setting the stage for a decisive race at the Los Angeles International Speedway in one week. The final race will take place at the L.A. racetracks in a one-week time-trial at the LA International Speedway.  Lightning rushes through the night on the interstate to reach California with his transporter, Mack. Lightning travels the night to California with Mack, the transporter, to reach the end of the race. Lightning wins the race in the first place in the history of the world's most famous car race.  A mishap leaves Lightning stranded in the desert town of Radiator Springs, where he inadvertently damages the main road. Lightning is stranded alone in the rundown desert town after a mishap in the town's rundown desert. The film is set to be released on Blu-Ray in September 2015.  Lightning receives an unexpected community service assignment: repaving the road under the supervision of the town's judge, a Hudson Hornet named Doc Hudson. Doc Hudson is prejudiced against Lightning for being a race car. Lightning is repaved the road by Doc Hudson, a town judge.  Lightning repaves the road shoddily in a rush to leave, and Doc challenges him to a race for his freedom on the condition that he starts over and repaves it correctly if he loses. Doc challenges Lightning to repave the road in a race to win his freedom.  Lightning, having never raced on a dirt track before, spins out on an unbanked turn and crashes. The overconfident Lightning spun out and crashed on the unbanked track. Lightning had never raced in a dirt-track before and crashed out of the first race on the track. Doc handles the track with no problems and wins the race. Doc handles the race with no issues and wins. Doc handled the race and won the race by no one else. Doc is the first person to win a race in the U.S. to win the race in 2008.  Lightning begins to warm up to the town and befriends its residents, especially Mater, a rusty tow truck, and Sally, a Porsche 911 who dreams of reviving Radiator Springs. The town is haunted by a man named Lightning, who drives Lightning's car.  Lightning helps rejuvenate Radiator Springs and develops a newfound appreciation for its charm. Lightning bonds with the locals and develops an appreciation for the town. Lightning is Lightning, a young man who helps revitalize the town and helps to rejuvenate the area. Lightning will be Lightning's partner in the next season of the animated series.  Route 66 was once a bustling attraction for drivers on Route 66 before the construction of Interstate 40 caused them to lose all their business traffic. He discovers the town was once an attraction for Route 66 drivers before I-40 construction caused the town to lose its business. The town is now a tourist attraction for the first time in its history.  Lightning also discovers that the bitter Doc, reticent about his past, used to race as the legendary Fabulous Hudson Hornet until a disastrous crash ended his career. The series is set to be released on Blu-Ray and Blu-ray in September 2015 at 8.99/11.  Lightning is dumbfounded that Doc considers his previous Piston Cups as being worthless. Lightning was dumbfounded by Doc considers previous Cups as worthless. Lightning is still baffled by Doc's decision to turn down his previous Cups. Lightning says he is \"dumbfounded\" by the decision to make such a decision.  Lightning decides to stay in Radiator Springs with his new friends, having lost interest in the race. Lightning finishes repaving the road and decides to go back to his old friends. Lightning decides not to race, but to stay with his friends and stay with them. Lightning and his friends finish repaving a road and decide to stay together.  Doc alerts the media of Lightning's location, leading them and Mack to descend on the town and force Lightning to leave. Mack and Doc are forced to force Lightning out of the town after Doc alerts them of the location of Lightning, leading the media to report it to the town.  Doc immediately regrets his actions after seeing the residents turn against him for making Lightning leave. Doc immediately regretful of his actions and sees the residents angry at him. Doc is soon back in action after seeing Lightning leave leaving the town. Doc decides to kill Lightning in order to keep the town from going forward.  Lightning initially struggles but is buoyed by the sudden arrival of his friends from Radiator Springs, who come to his aid in the pit. At the race, Lightning struggles but becomes buoyed up by the arrival of the friends who help him out of the pit pit. Lightning is the first person to appear in the film to appear on Blu-Ray.  With Doc now acting as his crew chief, Lightning stages a remarkable comeback and takes the lead. Lightning stages an incredible comeback and wins the race. Doc is Doc's crew chief at the end of the race. Lightning stages their comeback and claims the lead in the final race of the season.  On the final lap, as Lightning closes in towards the Finish Line, Chick employs a PIT maneuver that intentionally wrecks The King, rendering him unable to continue. The King was not able to continue on the final laps of the race after being hit by the pit maneuver.  Lightning halts just before the finish line and pushes The King across, allowing Chick to win the Piston Cup. The King's career may end as Doc's did, but Lightning stops just before finish line. Chick wins Piston cup while The King finishes safe finish.  The crowd and media furiously condemn Chick's Piston Cup victory while praising Lightning's integrity and sportsmanship. The Lightning won the tournament by beating the defending champions in the first round of the competition. The team were awarded the title on Sunday night in the final round of competition.  Lightning is offered a Dinoco sponsorship, but politely declines and chooses to be with his current sponsor, Rust-eze Bumper Ointment, out of newfound respect and loyalty for them. Lightning was offered a sponsorship by Dinoco, but declined and chose to stay loyal to his current sponsors.  Returning to Radiator Springs, he declares his intention to establish his racing headquarters there and revitalize the town. He reunites with Sally, Mater, and the other cars and declares his intentions to establish a racing headquarters. He also trains under Doc's mentorship.  Owen Wilson as Lightning McQueen is a red, custom built 2006 racecar. Paul Newman as Doc Hudson, a navy-blue 1951 Hudson Hornet. Bonnie Hunt as Sally Carrera, a sky-blue 2002 996-series Porsche 911 Carrera. Larry the Cable Guy as Mater, a rusty blue tow truck inspired by a 1951 International Harvester L-170 \"boom\" truck.  These were Ranft's last two voice roles before his death in August 2005. Ranft died August 8, 2005 at the age of 65. Ranfoot's last voice roles were the last two of his voice roles in the series. He was also the last voice actor to appear in the animated series.  Jeremy Piven (US) / Jeremy Clarkson (UK) as Harv, Lightning McQueen's agent who is never seen on-screen. Bob Costas as Bob Cutlass, a grey 1999 Oldsmobile Aurora and announcer for Piston Cup races. Darrell Waltrip as Darrell Cartrip, a. grey, red, yellow, and blue 1977 Chevrolet Monte Carlo and Piston. Humpy Wheeler as Tex Dinoco, a gold 1975 Cadillac Coupe de Ville and owner of Dinoco. Lynda Petty as Lynda Weathers, a Chrysler Town and Country station wagon and Strip Weathers' wife.  Holowicki as DJ, a blue Scion XB and a member of the Tuner Gang. Adrian Ochoa as Wingo, a green and purple Mitsubishi Eclipse and a blue and purple Scion XXB. Adrian Ochoas was Wingo. ",
  "64": " Public-key cryptography, or asymmetric cryptography, is the field of cryptographic systems that use pairs of related keys. Asymmetric cryptography is a form of public-key encryption that uses pairs of linked keys. It is also known as \"Asymmetric Cryptography\" or \"Public-key Cryptography\", or \"Cryptography\"  Each key pair consists of a public key and a corresponding private key. Key pairs are public and private key pairs with a public and public key. The public key is public, private, private key, public, public and secret. Key pair is public key, private private key; public key has a public.  Key pairs are generated with cryptographic algorithms based on mathematical problems called one-way functions. Key pairs can be generated with algorithms called cryptographic algorithms such as one way functions. The algorithms generate key pairs with key pairs based on cryptographic algorithms called one way-to-one functions.  Security of public-key cryptography depends on keeping the private key secret. The public key can be openly distributed without compromising security. For example, a journalist can publish the public key of an encryption key pair on a web site so that sources can send secret messages to the news organization in ciphertext.  Only a journalist who knows the corresponding private key can decrypt the ciphertexts to obtain the sources' messages. An eavesdropper reading email on its way to the journalist cannot decrypt the encrypted messages. Only the journalist can obtain the messages if he knows the private key.  Public-key encryption does not conceal metadata like what computer a source used to send a message, when they sent it, or how long it is. However, it does not hide metadata like when a source sent a message or when it was sent, when it is sent, and how long a message is.  Public-key encryption on its own does not tell the recipient anything about who sent a message. It just conceals the content of a message in a ciphertext that can only be decrypted with the private key. Public key encryption does not reveal the recipient's identity.  In a digital signature system, a sender can use a private key together with a message to create a signature. A private key and a message can be used to create the signature of a user. A digital signature can be created with a public key or a private message.  Anyone with the corresponding public key can verify whether the signature matches the message, but a forger who does not know the private key cannot find any message/signature pair that will pass verification with the public key. Forger can't find any public/private key that passes verification with public key.  Later, the publisher can distribute an update to the software signed using the private key. Any computer receiving an update can confirm it is genuine by verifying the signature using the public key. The public key can also be used to verify the update is signed by the publisher to ensure it is authentic.  Even if a forger can distribute malicious updates to computers, they cannot convince the computers that any malicious updates are genuine. As long as the software publisher keeps the private key secret, even if a.ger can. keep the public key secret to ensure the updates are authentic.  Public key algorithms are fundamental security primitives in modern cryptosystems. They offer assurance of the confidentiality, authenticity and non-repudiability of electronic communications and data storage. The public key algorithm is a key to the creation of public key algorithms in crypts, including applications and protocols.  They underpin numerous Internet standards, such as Transport Layer Security (TLS), SSH, S/MIME and PGP. They are used to underpin many Internet standards such as PGP and S-MIME. They include S-TLS, SSH, PGP, S-SIME, PCC, SIR, SIME and SIR.  Some public key algorithms provide key distribution and secrecy. Some provide digital signatures, others provide both (e.g., RSA) Public Key Algorithm provides key distribution, secrecy and digital signature. Some algorithms provide both, e.g. Diffie\u2013Hellman key exchange and digital signatures.  Asymmetric encryption is slower than good symmetric encryption. It is too slow for many purposes, too slow to use in many of the world's most important encryption tools. Asymmetry encryption is slow to be used in some of the most complex encryption tools in the world.  Today's cryptosystems use both symmetric encryption and asymmetric encryption. Often by using asymmetric encryptions to securely exchange a secret key, the secret key is then used to secure the encryption of a key to secure a key, then the key is used to encrypt a key.  Before the mid-1970s, all cipher systems used symmetric key algorithms, in which the same cryptographic key is used with the underlying algorithm by both the sender and the recipient, who must both keep it secret. In the 1970s, symmetric keys were used by both sender and recipient.  Key in every such system had to be exchanged between the communicating parties in some secure way prior to any use of the system \u2013 for instance, via a secure channel. Of necessity, the key in such systems must be exchanged in some form of a secure way to use the system.  This requirement is never trivial and very rapidly becomes unmanageable as the number of participants increases, or when secure channels are not available or when, (as is sensible cryptographic practice, keys are frequently changed), keys are often changed. This requirement becomes increasingly difficult when the number and location of participants is increased.  In particular, if messages are meant to be secure from other users, a separate key is required for each possible pair of users. A separate key must be required for both possible pairs of users to make sure messages are secure from each other, such as those of two users.  By contrast, in a public key system, the public keys can be disseminated widely and openly, and only the corresponding private keys need be kept secret by its owner. The public keys are public and public, and the corresponding public keys must be shared by their owner.  Two of the best-known uses of public key cryptography are: public key encryption. Public key encryption is in which a message is encrypted with the intended recipient's public key. Messages are encrypted with a public key, in which the message is sent with the recipient's private key.  For properly chosen and used algorithms, messages cannot in practice be decrypted by anyone who does not possess the matching private key, who is presumed to be the owner of that key and so the person associated with the public key. The public key is used to encrypt messages in encrypted messages.  This can be used to ensure confidentiality of a message. This can also be used in the privacy of a user's message. It is used to make sure that a message is sent to the recipient is not being sent to a specific location. This is a form of form of information that can be passed on to a recipient.  Digital signatures are digital signatures in which a message is signed with the sender's private key and can be verified by anyone who has access to the public key. A digital signature is a form of a digital signature that can be signed by anyone with a public key to verify the authenticity of a message.  This verification proves that the sender had access to the private key, and therefore is very likely to be the person associated with the public key. This verification shows the sender has access to both the public and private keys. The public key can be used to reveal the identity of the sender, or the recipient, of the public.  One important issue is confidence/proof that a particular public key is authentic, i.e. It also proves that the signature was prepared for that exact message, since verification will fail for any other message one could devise without using the private key. The public key can also be used to verify that a message is authentic. that it is correct and belongs to the person or entity claimed, and that it has not been tampered with or replaced by some (perhaps malicious) third party. That it is not a copy of this article, but it is believed to be a genuine article by the author.  A public key infrastructure (PKI) in which one or more third parties \u2013 known as certificate authorities \u2013 certify ownership of key pairs \u2013 is possible. There are several possible approaches, including: a public key infrastructructructive infrastructure. A public-key infrastructure, in which third parties certify ownership, is possible to do this.  TLS relies upon this.TLS relies on this. It is essential to ensure that it is always available to the public that it will be available to communicate with the public. We are happy to make sure that we can continue to do so. We will always be able to reach the public who we wish to see.  This implies that the PKI system (software, hardware, and management) is trust-able by all involved. PKI systems are trusted by all parties involved in PKI projects. This means that the software, hardware and management is trusted by everyone involved in the project.  A \"web of trust\" decentralizes authentication by using individual endorsements of links between a user and the public key belonging to that user. A web of trust is a decentralizing authentication system. It uses individual endorsements between users and public keys to verify the authenticity of a user's identity.  PPPP uses this approach, in addition to lookup in the domain name system (DNS) PPP is a web-based version of the PPP system. PPP uses DNS lookups to look at the name of a user or user in the DNS system.  The DKIM system for digitally signing emails also uses this approach. DKIM is also used to digitally sign emails for people in the U.S. DKIM also uses the same approach to digital signature systems in the digital age of emailing and text messaging. The system was developed in the 1980s and 1990s.  The most obvious application of a public key encryption system is for encrypting communication to provide confidentiality. A message that a sender encrypts using the recipient's public key can be decrypted only by the recipient\u2019s paired private key. The system can be used to encrypt messages that can be encrypted only by a paired public key.  Another application in public key cryptography is the digital signature. The digital signature is used to make public key public key private keys public keys public key signatures public. Public key cryptography can also be used to create a digital signature public key key. The signature is a key to public key encryption and public key secrecy.  Digital signature schemes can be used for sender authentication. They can also be used to authenticate a sender using a digital signature scheme. The scheme is used to identify the sender and authenticate the identity of the recipient of an individual to the sender. The schemes are often used in digital signature schemes for authentication.  Non-repudiation systems use digital signatures to ensure that one party cannot successfully dispute its authorship of a document or communication. Digital signatures are used to ensure one party can't successfully dispute their authorship in a digital document. Digital signature systems use a digital signature to ensure the parties can't dispute the content of the document.  Further applications built on this foundation include: digital cash, password-authenticated key agreement, time-stamping services and non-repudiation protocols. Digital cash is built on the foundation of this foundation. Other applications include: password authentication, time stamping services, non-revengeance protocols.  Asymmetric key algorithms are nearly always much more computationally intensive than symmetric ones. It is common to use a public/private asymmetric key-exchange algorithm to encrypt and exchange a symmetric key, which is then used by symmetric-key cryptography to transmit data.  PEPP, SSH, and the SSL/TLS family of schemes use this procedure. They are thus called hybrid cryptosystems. PEP, SSH and SSL/LS schemes use the same procedure. The SSL/TSL scheme is called a \"hysterical\" system.  The initial asymmetric cryptography-based key exchange to share a server-generated symmetric key from the server to client has the advantage of not requiring that a symmetric public key be pre-shared manually, such as on printed paper or discs transported by a courier. The exchange provides the higher data throughput of symmetric cryptography over asymmetric key cryptography for the remainder of the shared connection.  As with all security-related systems, it is important to identify potential weaknesses. It is also important to find out if there are any weaknesses in the system. The system is designed to be secure and user-friendly, with the help of security experts. It's important to look at the weaknesses of the system and identify them.  Chief security risk is that the private key of a pair becomes known. Poor choice of an asymmetric key algorithm or too short a key length is the biggest risk of a key being known. There are few which are widely regarded as satisfactory algorithms for asymmetric keys. A key algorithm is not widely considered as satisfactory or a short key length.  All security of messages, authentication, etc. etc. will then be lost. Security of messages and authentication will also be lost. All security will be lost if messages are sent to the recipient of the recipient. All security is lost in the process of sending messages to recipients of messages.  With the advent of quantum computing, many asymmetric key algorithms are considered vulnerable to attacks. New quantum-resistant schemes are being developed to overcome the problem. Quantum computing is considered to be a major problem in the future of the key algorithm. New schemes have been developed to combat the problem with quantum computing.  Public key schemes are in theory susceptible to a \"brute-force key search attack\" All public key schemes in theory are susceptible to an attack by brute-force search attack. Algorithms can be used to make public key searches easier for attacks on public key systems.  Such an attack is impractical if the amount of computation needed to succeed \u2013 termed the \"work factor\" by Claude Shannon \u2013 is out of reach of all potential attackers. However, such an attack would be impossible if the work factor was out of the reach of the attacker. Claude Shannon's work factor is called \"the work factor\"  In many cases, the work factor can be increased by simply choosing a longer key. The work factor is also increased by choosing the length of a key key. A longer key key can also be used to increase the overall work factor of the key. In some cases, it can be difficult to use the longer key to make the key easier to use.  Other algorithms may inherently have much lower work factors, making resistance to a brute-force attack irrelevant. But other algorithms may make resistance to brute force attack irrelevant, such as longer keys or longer keys. Other algorithms might have lower work factor work factors that make them more resistant to attacks.  Some special algorithms have been developed to aid in attacking some public key encryption algorithms. Both RSA and ElGamal encryption have known attacks that are much faster than the brute-force approach. Some special and specific algorithms have also been developed. Some of these algorithms are known to be faster than brute force attacks.  None of these are sufficiently improved to be actually practical, however, however. None of the new features are enough improved to actually be practical, though. None of them are particularly good enough to be useful, but they are still not practical enough to make them useful. The new technology will be available in the UK for the first time in the U.S.  Major weaknesses have been found for several formerly promising asymmetric key algorithms. The algorithms have been criticised for their weaknesses. They have been used to develop key algorithms that allow asymmetric encryption of key data. The results have been published on several sites including Facebook and Twitter. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.  The \"knapsack packing\" algorithm was found to be insecure after the development of a new attack. The algorithm was developed in the 1980s and 1990s. It was developed by the University of California, California, in response to an attack on the algorithm. It is the first time the algorithm has been attacked by a new type of attack.  Public-key implementations may be vulnerable to side-channel attacks that exploit information leakage to simplify the search for a secret key. As with all cryptographic functions, public-key implementation is vulnerable to attacks that can be exploited by side-channels. The attacks could be used to attack the public key to get the key to a key.  These are often independent of the algorithm being used. The algorithm is often used to create an algorithm that can be used to find the best algorithm to work with the algorithm. These algorithms are independent of their algorithms and are often used by algorithm algorithms that are being used in the algorithm itself.  Research is underway to both discover, and to protect against, new attacks. Research is also underway to find out how to prevent new attacks and prevent new ones. The world's most powerful weapon of choice is now being developed in the form of an anti-terrorist drug.  Another potential security vulnerability in using asymmetric keys is the possibility of a \"man-in-the-middle\" attack. The communication of public keys is intercepted by a third party (the \"man in the middle\") and then modified to provide different public keys instead.  Encrypted messages and responses must, in all instances, be intercepted, decrypted, and re-encrypted by the attacker using the correct public keys for the different communication segments so as to avoid suspicion. The attacker must use these public keys to intercept and decrypt messages and respond to them.  A communication i.T.A communication i. i. T.A. t.C. A. C.I.T., i. I. T. I. I was a member of the U.S. Embassy staff in Washington, D.C., Washington, DC, VA, VA. D. Korea. ",
  "65": " Quantum Cryptography is the science of exploiting quantum mechanical properties to perform cryptographic tasks. Quantum cryptography is a form of quantum cryptology that uses quantum mechanics to perform cryptometallic tasks. It is also known as quantum cryptography, or quantum cryptosystems, for example.  Quantum key distribution offers an information-theoretically secure solution to the key exchange problem. The best known example of quantum cryptography is quantum key distribution, which offers a secure key distribution solution to key exchange problems. Quantum cryptography is a form of quantum encryption that can be used in quantum computing.  The advantage of quantum cryptography lies in the fact that it allows the completion of various cryptographic tasks that are proven or conjectured to be impossible using only classical (i.e.\u00a0quantum) cryptography. Quantum cryptography is a form of form of quantum encryption that can be used to solve cryptographic problems.  Non-quantum (quantum) communication communication. Non-Quantum communication. Non-QPR (QPR) communication. Communication. NonQuantum Communication.com.com: \"Quantum\" communication.com/QPR.com is a form of communication that uses quantum computing.com.  For example, it is impossible to copy data encoded in a quantum state. It is impossible for data encoded by quantum states to be copied in quantum states. Quantum states are encoded in states of quantum states, such as quantum states or quantum code. The quantum state state is a state of quantum code that has a quantum effect on quantum physics.  If one attempts to read the encoded data, the quantum state will be changed due to wave function collapse (no-cloning theorem) No-Cloning\u00a0theoretic\u00a0allows\u00a0one to read encoded data. Quantum state will change due to the collapse of the wave function.  This could be used to detect eavesdropping in quantum key distribution (QKD) Quantum Key Distribution. Could also be used in the detection of eavesdropping by quantum key key distribution. Could be used as a way of detecting eavesdropping from a quantum key. Back to the page you came from: http://www.mailonline.com/news/qqqkD.  Stephen Wiesner, then at Columbia University in New York, introduced the concept of quantum conjugate coding in the early 1970s. Stephen introduced the idea to quantum computing in the 1970s, when he was a student at Columbia's Columbia University. He is credited with the development of quantum computing.  His seminal paper titled \"Conjugate Coding\" was rejected by the IEEE Information Theory Society but was eventually published in 1983 in SIGACT News. His seminal work was published in the SIGACT news in 1983. He is a member of the International Computer Association of Information Technology.  In a paper he showed how to store or transmit two messages by encoding them in two \"conjugate observables\" such as linear and circular polarization of photons. He showed that either, but not both, properties may be received and decoded, so that either of these properties may not be received.  Charles H. Bennett, of the IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center, and Gilles Brassard met in 1979 at the 20th IEEE Symposium on the Foundations of Computer Science, held in Puerto Rico. They discovered how to incorporate Wiesner's findings.  \"The main breakthrough came when we realized that photons were never meant to store information, but rather to transmit it,\" the scientist says. \"It's the first time we've seen how photons can transmit information,\" he says of the discovery of quantum-transmitting photons.  Bennett and Brassard proposed a method for secure communication, now called BB84. In 1984, building upon this work, they proposed a way to secure communication. BB84 is now known as BB84, which is based on Bennett's work on the secure communication method. In 1983, Bennett proposed a new method of secure communication for the first time.  In 1991 Artur Ekert proposed to use Bell's inequalities to achieve secure key distribution. In 1991 he proposed the use of the inequalities to secure secure key sharing. In 1994 he proposed a system to use the inequalities of Bell's inequality to secure the key. In 1996 he proposed to replace Bell's\u00a0inequality\u00a0with a key to secure key keys.  Ekert's protocol for the key distribution, as it was subsequently shown by Dominic Mayers and Andrew Yao, offers device-independent quantum key distribution. The protocol was shown in a video by Andrew Yao and Dominic Mayer. The video was later shown in the hands of Andrew Yao.  MagiQ Technologies, Inc. (Boston), ID Quantique (Geneva), QuintessenceLabs (Canberra, Australia), Toshiba (Tokyo), QNu Labs (India) and SeQureNet (Paris) companies manufacture quantum cryptography systems.  Cryptography is the strongest link in the chain of data security. Cryptography provides the most secure way to secure data security in the world. It is also the strongest way to protect your data from the internet. It also provides the fastest way to encrypt your data in a secure environment.  However, interested parties cannot assume that cryptographic keys will remain secure indefinitely. Cryptickeys can't be guaranteed to be secure in the future, experts say. They can't assume that cryptoskeys will be secure indefinitely, they say. Cryptoskeys can be used to send encrypted messages to friends and family members, say experts.  Quantum cryptography has the potential to encrypt data for longer periods than classical cryptography. Quantum cryptography could encrypt data longer periods of encryption than classical cryptosystems. Quantum encryption is a form of encryption that encrypts data for a longer period of time than traditional cryptosmasmasmasn encryption.  Using classical cryptography, scientists cannot guarantee encryption beyond approximately 30 years. But some stakeholders could use longer periods of protection. Using classical encryption, scientists say encryption can't be guaranteed for around 30 years, but some stakeholders may use longer protection. Scientists say encryption encryption can be used to protect individuals and businesses.  Take, for example, the healthcare industry. Take a look at how the world's healthcare industry is changing. Take a tour of the world\u2019s healthcare industry, from the inside to the inside of the inside. Take your own photos of the industry. Share them with iReport.com.  As of 2017, 85.9% of office-based physicians are using electronic medical record systems to store and transmit patient data. The majority of doctors in the U.S. are using the system to store patient data and transmit medical records. The medical record system is used by doctors in offices across the United States.  Under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, medical records must be kept secret. Under the law, records are kept secret under a number of conditions. The act is required to be part of the Health insurance Portability Act, which requires medical records to be kept confidential.  Quantum key distribution can protect electronic records for periods of up to 100 years.Quantum key distribution protects electronic records from up to 50 years old. Quantum key can also be used to keep electronic records in the digital world for more than a century. Quantum keys can be used in the future to protect electronic documents for up to 10 years.  Quantum cryptography has useful applications for governments and militaries as, historically, governments have kept military data secret for periods of over 60 years. Also, governments keep military secrets secret for over 60\u00a0years\u00a0as they have kept it secret for more than 60 years, experts say.  There also has been proof that quantum key distribution can travel through a noisy channel over a long distance and be secure. Quantum key distribution is also proof that it can travel in noisy channels over long distances to secure the key. Quantum keys can also travel through noisy channels to be secure, experts say.  It can be reduced from a noisy quantum scheme to a classical noiseless scheme. The scheme is reduced from noisy quantum schemes to a noisless scheme. It can also be reduced to a noise-free scheme by reducing it to classical quantum schemes. It is also reduced to noisy quantum quantum schemes by reducing the noise to classical schemes.  This can be solved with classical probability theory. The problem is a problem of classical probability theories. The solution is solved by classical probabilities theory. It can be used to solve the problem of probability theory in a new way of knowing what happens to a certain probability theory, such as probability theory theory.  This process of having consistent protection over a noisy channel can be possible through the implementation of quantum repeaters. Quantum repeaters can be used to protect noisy channels from a noisy signal. This process can be carried out by a quantum repeater in order to protect the noise of a noisy source.  Quantum repeaters have the ability to resolve quantum communication errors in an efficient way.Quantum repeaters can resolve quantum communications errors in a quantum communication error-free way. The repeaters will be able to communicate with each other in a very efficient way using a quantum repeater.  Quantum repeaters, which are quantum computers, can be stationed as segments over the noisy channel to ensure the security of communication. Quantum computers can also be stationed in segments over a noisy channel. Quantum repeater repeaters can be located as segments to ensure security of the communication. Quantum repeaters do this by purifying the segments of the channel before connecting them creating a secure line of communication. Quantum repeaters use this method to create a secure communication line of communications. The repeaters purify the segments and connect them to each other to create secure communication lines.  Sub-par quantum repeaters can provide an efficient amount of security through the noisy channel over a long distance. They can also be used to communicate through noisy channels over long distances. Quantum repeaters provide a low-tech security channel that can be used in a long-distance broadcast.  Quantum cryptography is a general subject that covers a broad range of cryptographic practices and protocols. It covers a wide range of cryptometrics and cryptographic practices. The subject is used in applications such as cryptography, cryptography, cryptology, cryptography and other cryptology. It has been used in many ways in the past to develop software that can be used in cryptography.  Some of the most notable applications and protocols are discussed below. The most notable protocols discussed below are those discussed in this article. Some of these protocols have been used in some of the world's most prominent applications and applications. The protocols discussed include the use of various protocols to communicate with each other.  The best-known application of quantum cryptography is QKD, which is the process of using quantum communication to establish a shared key between two parties without a third party (Eve) learning anything about that key, even if Eve can eavesdrop on all communication between Alice and Bob.  If Eve tries to learn information about the key being established, discrepancies will arise causing Alice and Bob to notice. The key is being established and the key will be used to establish the key to the key's existence. If Eve learns more information, discrepancies may arise causing Bob and Alice to notice discrepancies.  Once the key is established, it is then typically used for encrypted communication using classical techniques. The key is typically used to communicate using classical encryption techniques. It is then used to encrypt messages using classical encrypted techniques to communicate with each other using the key. In the U.S. it can be used to send encrypted messages to friends and family members.  For instance, the exchanged key could be used for symmetric cryptography (e.g. symmetric) The exchanged key is used in symmetric encryption. For example, an exchange key can be used to send a key to the recipient of a public key to a recipient of an encrypted key. one-time pad). One of the world's most famous landmarks. One of them is a former owner of a former pad in New York City, New York. One-time owner of the pad is also a former president of the U.S. State Department of Justice.  The security of quantum key distribution can be proven mathematically without imposing restrictions on the abilities of an eavesdropper, something not possible with classical key distribution. Quantum key distribution is a form of encryption that can be used to encrypt messages in encrypted messages. Quantum keys can also be used in encrypted encrypted messages, such as encrypted messages encrypted by a quantum key.  This is usually described as \"unconditional security\", although there are some minimal assumptions required, including that the laws of quantum mechanics apply and that Alice and Bob are able to authenticate each other, i.e. The assumptions are that quantum\u00a0measurements\u00a0are required.  Eve should not be able to impersonate Alice or Bob as otherwise a man-in-the-middle attack would be possible. Eve should never impersonate Bob or Alice or Alice in the middle of the conversation. Eve is not allowed to be impersonated by Bob in order to avoid an attack.  While QKD is secure, its practical application faces some challenges. The technology is secure enough to use in the real world, it's not secure enough for the real-world use of it. QKKD can be used in the U.S. for the first time in the future, but it is still not secure.  There are limitations for the key generation rate at increasing transmission distances. There are in fact limitations on the rate of key generation at increasing distance. There is also a limit on key generation rates at increasing distances, says the author of the book. The book is published in the U.S. state of the author's first published book.  Recent studies have allowed important advancements in this regard. The study has been carried out in the U.S. National Geographic Geographic Geographic Institute for Polar Polar Polarisation. The U.N. has published a number of scientific papers on the subject of Polar Polarization in the form of Polarization.  In 2018, twin-field QKD was proposed as a mechanism to overcome the limits of lossy communication. The protocol was proposed by Google in 2018 as a way to overcome lossy communications. In 2018 it was proposed to be a way of communicating with each other using two-field communication.  The rate of the twin field protocol was shown to overcome the secret key-agreement capacity of the lossy communication channel, known as repeater-less PLOB bound, at 340 km of optical fiber. The ideal rate surpasses this bound already at 200 km and follows the rate-loss scaling of the higher repeater assisted secret key.  The protocol suggests that optimal key rates are achievable on \"550 kilometers of standard optical fibre\" The protocol is already commonly used in communications today. It suggests key rates can be achieved on 550 kilometers of optical fibre, which is commonly used today. The protocol was developed in the 1970s and 1980s.  The theoretical result was confirmed in the first experimental demonstration of QKD beyond the PLOB bound. The experimental demonstration was characterized as the first effective quantum repeater. The result has been characterized as a first effective\u00a0quantum\u00a0referator\u00a0and the first\u00a0effective\u00a0quantative\u00a0receiver.  TF-QKD protocol is the sending-not-sending (SNS) version of TF-KD. SNS is a SNS-SNS version of the TF- QKD Protocol. TFKD is a protocol that aims to achieve high rates at long distances. and the no-phase-postselected twin-field scheme.and the. no phase-post selected twin-fence scheme. and the no.phase-preferred twin-face scheme. The no phase phase scheme is based on the.no phase phase of the twin-phase scheme.  In mistrustful cryptography the participating parties do not trust each other. Mistrustful quantum cryptography is a form of trust. The participating parties in mistrustful quantum cryptosystems are not trusted by the other parties. In trustful cryptography, the parties in each other do not have to trust the other.  Alice and Bob collaborate to perform some computation where both parties enter some private inputs. For example, Alice and Alice collaborate with Bob to perform a computation where they enter private inputs. For example: Alice, Bob and Alice enter some computation with private input. Alice andBob collaborate to create a computation that is private to Bob.  Alice doesn't trust Bob and Bob does not trust Alice. But Alice does trust Bob. Alice does not distrust Bob. Bob and Alice do not trust each other. Alice and Bob are on the run from each other, Alice says, but Alice is not afraid of Bob.  A secure implementation of a cryptographic task requires that after completing the computation, Alice can be guaranteed that Bob has not cheated and Alice can't guarantee that Bob hasn't cheated. The task is carried out by Alice and Bob, and the result is the result of an algorithm that is guaranteed to be secure.  Examples of mistrustful cryptography are commitment schemes and secure computations. Examples of coin flipping and oblivious transfer are coin flipping, oblivious transfer and commitment schemes. The latter includes the further examples of coin flips and oblivious transfers. Examples include coin flips, oblivious transfers and secure computation.  Key distribution does not belong to the area of mistrustful cryptography. Key distribution is a form of key distribution that can be trusted to be trusted by the public. It is not the first time a key has been shared with a public key. The public key is a key to the public key that is shared in the public domain.  Mistrustful quantum cryptography studies the area of mistrustful cryptography using quantum systems. The study is called 'Mistrustful Quantum Cryptography' and uses quantum systems to make secure public data secure. It is the first study of the type of quantum cryptography to be used in quantum computing.  In mistrustful cryptography there are no-go theorems showing that it is impossible to achieve unconditionally secure protocols based only on the laws of quantum physics. In the case of various tasks in mistrustful cryptosystems, these theorem show that it can't be guaranteed to be\u00a0unconditionally\u00a0secure\u00a0using\u00a0quantum\u00a0laws.  Some tasks can be implemented with unconditional security if the protocols not only exploit quantum mechanics but also special relativity. However, some of these tasks can't be implemented without the need for unconditional security. The protocols can also be implemented if they exploit quantum\u00a0relativity\u00a0and\u00a0special relativity.  For example, unconditionally secure quantum bit commitment was shown impossible by Mayers and by Lo and Chau. Unconditionally secure\u00a0quantum\u00a0bit commitment\u00a0was shown impossible in Mayers\u00a0and by Lo\u00a0and\u00a0Chau. For example: Unconditional\u00a0secure\u00a0security\u00a0commitment\u00a0shown impossible\u00a0by Mayers, Lo and. Chau.  Unconditionally secure ideal quantum coin flipping was shown impossible by Lo and Chau. Quantum coin flipping has been shown to be impossible in the experiment by Lo, Chau and Lo. The experiment was shown that it is impossible to guarantee a secure ideal coin flipping. The researchers are now trying to find out how to flip coins without flipping.  Lo showed that there cannot be unconditionally secure quantum protocols for one-out-of-two oblivious transfer and other secure two-party computations. Lo also showed that such protocols cannot be\u00a0unconditionally\u00a0secure\u00a0inconvenience\u00a0to\u00a0securely\u00a0with\u00a0one-out of two oblivious transfer.  Kent has shown that relativistic protocols for coin flipping and bit-commitment have been shown to be unconditionally secure. However, Kent has also shown that such protocols are not only possible but also possible in the future. Kent is the author of a new book on coin flipping.  Quantum coin flipping is a protocol that is used between two participants who do not trust each other. Unlike quantum key distribution, quantum coin flipping can be used between participants who don't trust each others. Quantum key distribution is used by two participants in a protocol to flip a coin between them.  Participants communicate via a quantum channel and exchange information through the transmission of qubits. The participants communicate via the quantum channel to exchange information using qubits in order to communicate with each other using a qubit. Participants use qubits to communicate and exchange messages using a quantum communication channel.  Alice and Bob do not trust each other, each expects the other to cheat. The pair do not have a good relationship because they expect each other to lie to each other. But Alice does not trust Bob and Bob to cheat, and they do not know each other will cheat.  More effort must be spent on ensuring that neither Alice nor Bob can gain a significant advantage over the other to produce a desired outcome. The goal is to ensure that neither of them can gain an advantage over each other in order to produce the desired outcome, rather than gain an unfair advantage.  There is a significant focus on developing protocols to reduce the bias of a dishonest player, otherwise known as cheating. An ability to influence a particular outcome is referred to as a bias, or a bias. There is also a focus on reducing the bias by developing protocols for players to reduce their bias.  A coin flip protocol generally occurs like this: Alice chooses a basis (either rectilinear or diagonal) and generates a string of photons to send to Bob in that basis. Alice chooses the basis and sends the photons to Bob. Quantum coin flipping has been shown to provide significant security advantages over classical communication.  Bob randomly chooses to measure each photon in a rectilinear or diagonal basis, noting which basis he used and the measured value. Bob randomly measures each photon using the same basis as the other. Bob then measures the value of each photon to determine how much each photon was measured.  Bob publicly guesses which basis Alice used to send her qubits. Bob publicizes his knowledge of Alice's qubits on which basis she sent them. Bob says Alice used the basis to send qubits to Bob. Bob: \"I'm not sure what basis Alice was on when she sent the qubits\"  Alice announce Alice will be the first person to announce her plans for a new album. Alice will appear in the documentary \"Alice\" Alice will also appear in a film for the first time in a month. Alice is the first woman to announce a new book, \"Alice,\" a book about Alice. ",
  "66": " A credit history is a record of a borrower's responsible repayment of debts. It is a credit history record of responsible repayment for debts. Credit history is also a credit record of the repayment of a debt owed to a credit card holder. Credit histories are a credit-scoring record of successful repayment of debt.  A credit report is a record of the borrower's credit history from a number of sources, including banks, credit card companies, collection agencies, and governments. Credit reports are available from a range of sources such as banks and collection agencies. A credit credit report can be obtained by a credit card company or a government agency.  A borrower's credit score is the result of a mathematical algorithm applied to a credit report and other sources of information to predict future delinquency. In many countries, when a customer submits an application for credit from a bank, credit card company, or a store, their information is forwarded to the credit bureau.  The credit bureau matches the name, address and other identifying information on the credit applicant with information retained by the bureau in its files. The bureau is matched with the information it retains on credit applicants' names and addresses. The credit agency is not obliged to reveal the identity of an applicant to the bureau.  The gathered records are then used by lenders to determine an individual's credit worthiness. Lenders then determine the individual's ability and track record of repaying a debt. The gathered information is then used to determine a person's ability to repay a debt and ability to repay it.  The willingness to repay a debt is indicated by how timely past payments have been made to other lenders. The willingness of a debt can be indicated by past payments made to the lender. Lenders' willingness to pay a debt indicates how timely they have made timely payments to each other.  Lenders like to see consumer debt obligations paid regularly and on time. Lenders focus particularly on missed payments. They may not consider an overpayment as an offset for a missed payment. An overpayment may not be considered an offset to an earlier payment, say experts.  There has been much discussion over the accuracy of the data in consumer reports. Credit history usage history has been updated to reflect the usage of credit cards in the U.S. credit card use history. The credit card industry has been criticized for its accuracy of data in the past.  Industry participants maintain that the data in credit reports is very accurate. In general, industry participants say credit reports are accurate and accurate. The data is based on the data from credit card companies, such as Apple and Microsoft, according to industry sources. The credit industry says credit reports should be accurate.  The credit bureaus point to their own study of 52 million credit reports to highlight that the data in reports is very accurate. The credit report is based on data from 52 million people, the credit bureau says. Credit reports are based on a study of more than 50 million credit card holders.  The Consumer Data Industry Association testified before the U.S. Congress that less than two percent of those reports that resulted in a consumer dispute had data deleted because it was in error. The group testified before Congress that the data was deleted because of an error. Less than two per cent of those who reported a dispute had their data deleted.  There is widespread concern that information in credit reports is prone to error. There are also concerns that credit reports are prone to errors. Credit reports are often inaccurate and inaccurate, but they are often accurate, experts say. Credit reporting is a key component of credit reporting, but it's a vital part of the system.  Congress has enacted a series of laws aimed to resolve both the errors and the perception of errors. The laws are aimed at resolving both the error and the perceived error of errors in error. Congress has passed laws to resolve the errors of errors and errors in the error of error.  If a US consumer disputes some information in a credit report, the credit bureau has 30 days to verify the data. The credit bureau can verify the information within 30 days of a dispute. If you dispute some information, credit bureau will have to verify it. Credit bureau has to verify data in 30 days.  Over 70 percent of these consumer disputes are resolved within 14 days and then the consumer is notified of the resolution. The majority of these disputes are settled within the 14 days of each other. Over 70 per cent of these are resolved in 14 days, and the consumer can be notified of their resolution.  One large credit bureau notes 95 percent of those who dispute an item seem satisfied with the outcome. The other factor in determining whether a lender will provide a consumer credit or a loan is dependent on income. The Federal Trade Commission says 95 percent are satisfied with an item dispute.  The higher the income, all other things are equal, the more credit the consumer can access. The higher income, the higher the consumer's credit, the better the credit they can get, the lower the income. Credit cards are available in the U.S. market for $1,000 a year.  Lenders make credit granting decisions based on both ability to repay a debt (income) and willingness (the credit report) as indicated by a history of regular, unmissed payments. However, lenders make decisions based upon both income and willingness to repay the debt. The credit report is indicated by an individual's credit report.  These factors help lenders determine whether to extend credit, and on what terms, lenders say. These factors are factors that help lenders decide whether or not to extend loans. Lenders say the factors help them determine whether or against extending credit, such as interest rates and credit terms.  Risk-based pricing on almost all lending in the financial services industry has become even more important since it is usually the sole element used to choose the annual percentage rate (APR), grace period and other contractual obligations of the credit card or loan. The report has become more important as it is used to decide the annual APR, grace period, and other obligations.  FICO scoring system is the standard in the U.S., Canada and other global areas. FICO scores are based on a credit card score. The FICO system is a global credit scoring system that is based in the United States and Canada. Credit scores vary from one scoring model to another, but FICO is the global standard.  A record of negative information can lower a consumer's credit rating or score. Payment history (35% contribution on the FICO scale) is 35% contribution. The factors are similar and may include: Payment history, payment history, credit history, and credit history.  In general risk scoring systems look for any of the following negative events; charge offs, collections, late payments, repossessions, foreclosures, settlements, bankruptcies, liens, and judgements. Risk scoring systems are designed to look for negative events such as repossession, repossession and foreclosure.  FICO considers severity of the negative items, age of the items and the prevalence of negative items. FICO also considers the severity of a negative item, the age and the number of items in this category. The negative items are considered to be the most negative items in the FICO world.  Newer unpaid or delinquent debt is considered worse than older debt. Newer debt considered worse if older debt is older than older debts. New debt is also considered more likely to be in debt to pay for a debt that has been delinquent or in debt for more than a decade.  More severe is worse than less severe, more severe is more likely to be worse. More severe will be more severe than the least severe, experts say. The U.S. National Weather Service has issued a number of severe weather warnings and advisories for severe weather in the past.  And, many is worse than few. And many are worse than a few. This is not the first time we've seen this. And it's not the last time, it's the second time we have seen it. And that's not a good time for many, but it's a good thing.  This category considers the amount and type of debt carried by a consumer as reflected on their credit reports.Debt (30% contribution on the FICO score): This category includes the amount of debt a consumer carries that reflected on credit reports.Debt is a 30% contribution to a credit score.  The amount of debt you have divided by your total credit limit is called the credit utilization ratio. The ratio is based on the amount of credit you have and your credit usage ratio. Credit utilization ratio is a credit utilization rate of about $1,000 per person. Credit usage ratio is the ratio of your debt to your credit card usage.  There are three types of debt that are considered in this calculation. The debt calculation is based on the amount of debt a person owes to the government. The calculation is calculated by adding to the debt of a person with a large amount of interest in the country's debt.  Revolving debt: This is credit card debt, retail card debt and some petroleum cards. Credit card debt includes retail and petroleum credit cards, credit cards and other credit cards. This is the first time we've seen this type of debt in the U.S. since 2008.  While home equity lines of credit have revolving terms, the bulk of debt considered is true unsecured revolving debt incurred on plastic. The bulk of the debt considered considered is unsecure revolving revolving debt on plastic, the majority of it is a home equity line of credit.  The most important measurement from this category is called \"Revolving Utilization\", which is the relationship between the consumer's aggregate credit card balances and the available credit card limits, also called \"open to buy\" The most significant measurement is called Revolving Utillization, which is a relationship between consumer's\u00a0 aggregate\u00a0credit\u00a0card balances and available credit\u00a0limit.  This is expressed as a percentage and is calculated by dividing aggregate credit card balances by the aggregate credit limits and multiplying the result by 100, thus yielding the utilization percentage. The utilization percentage is a percentage of credit card usage. The percentage is expressed by the amount of credit cards used by cardholders and cardholders.  The higher that percentage, the lower the cardholder's score, will likely be. The higher the percentage of a cardholder is likely to be the lower that percentage. The cardholder will be able to earn a higher percentage of his score in the U.S.  This is why closing credit cards is generally not a good idea for someone trying to improve their credit scores. Closing credit cards isn't always a good thing for people trying to get credit scores better. This is not the first time someone has closed credit cards, but it's a good time to do so.  Closing one or more credit card accounts will reduce available credit limits. Closing one account will likely increase the utilization percentage. Closing a credit card account will reduce the cardholder's total available credit limit. Closing accounts will likely reduce the credit card user's credit card usage. Closing credit cards will reduce their available credit card limits.  Installation debt: This is debt where there is a fixed payment for a fixed period of time. Installation debt is a debt where the payment is fixed at a fixed rate for the duration of the time. This is the same type of debt where you pay a fixed amount of interest.  The cardholder is generally making the same payment for 36, 48, or 60 months. An auto loan is a good example as the card holder is generally paying the same payments for 36 or 48 months. The same payment is generally made for the same amount of time. The payment should be made for 36 to 48 months, or more than 60 months, according to experts.  While installment debt is considered in risk scoring systems, it is a distant second in its importance behind the revolving credit card debt. It is a fraction of what it is considered to be a risk factor in risk-scoring systems. In the U.S. it is the second most important debt in the world behind revolving credit cards.  Installment debt is generally secured by an asset like a car, home, or boat. The debt is usually secured by assets like a home, car, boat, or even a car. Installation debt is typically secured by a car or boat, but it is often secured by other assets.  As such, consumers will use extraordinary efforts to make their payments so their asset is not repossessed by the lender for non-payment. Lenders will need to use extra efforts to ensure their asset isn't repossess. Consumers will use extra effort to avoid repossessing their assets.  Open debt: This is the least common type of debt. Open debt is the most common type in the world of open debt. This is a form of debt that can be found in the U.S. national debt. Open debt means you have to pay for your debt.  This is debt that must be paid in full each month. The debt must be repaid in full every month. This month's debt is the largest in the country's history of debt-paying customers. This is the first month of each month that the debt is paid in a month.  An example is any one of the variety of charge cards that are \"pay in full\" products. An example of a charge card is a card that allows you to pay in full. A card that pays in full can be used to purchase items such as food, clothing, clothing and other items.  The American Express Green card is a common example of the American Express green card. The Green Card is a form of form of card that allows you to obtain a green card from a bank or card issuer. The green card is an example of a common American Express card.  Open debt treated like revolving credit card debt in older versions of FICO scoring system. Open debt is excluded from the revolving utilization calculation in newer versions of the FICO system. FICO also excludes open debt from revolving utilization calculations in newer version of the system. Closed debt is treated as a revolving debt, but excluded from utilization calculation.  The older the cardholder's credit report, the more stable it is, in general. Time in file (Credit File Age) (15% contribution on the FICO scale) is a 15% contribution. The older credit report is more stable than a credit cardholder.  As such, their score should benefit from an old credit report. Credit reports can be used to help people improve their credit score. Credit scores can be improved if you have a credit card account with a new credit card. For more information, visit www.creditreport.com/creditreport.  This \"age\" is determined by the age of the cardholder's credit file and the average age of accounts on their credit file. The age of these accounts on credit files is also determined by their age of their credit files. This age is based on the ages of the accounts on these files.  The age of their credit file is determined by the oldest account's \"date opened\", which sets the age of the credit file. The oldest account opened is the date of the account's opening date, which determines its age of its credit file age. The credit file's age is based on the oldest \"opening date\" of a credit card account.  The average age is set by averaging the age of every account on the credit report, whether open or closed. The age of an account on credit report is averaged by average age of all accounts on the report, including the open and closed accounts. The average is based on each account being opened or closed, and each account has an average age.  Account Diversity (10% contribution on the FICO scale): A cardholder's credit score will benefit by having a diverse set of account types on their credit file. Account Diversity is a 10% contribution to a credit score that can benefit cardholders' credit score by 10%.  Having experience across multiple account types (installment, revolving, auto, mortgage, cards, etc. etc.) having experience across several account types. Having experience in multiple account type (installments, revolving and auto) and multiple accounts. Having a mortgage, credit card, bank account, mortgage and credit card experience. is generally a good thing for their scores because they are proving the ability to manage different account types.is generally good thing. They are proving they can manage different accounts types. It's good for them to be able to manage accounts with different types of accounts, say experts.  The Search for a New Credit (Credit inquiries) is a 10% contribution on the FICO scale. An inquiry is noted every time a company requests some information from a consumer's credit file. A credit inquiry is an inquiry that is noted when a consumer files a new credit card.  There are several kinds of inquiries that may or may not affect one's credit score. Credit inquiries may affect your credit score if you have received one or more inquiries. Credit card inquiries can affect your score if they are answered by a credit card company or a mortgage company.  Inquiries that have no effect on the creditworthiness of a consumer (also known as \"soft inquiries\") remain on a consumer's credit reports for 6 months and are never visible to lenders or credit scoring models. Soft inquiries that remain on credit reports are: Prescreening inquiries where a credit bureau may sell a person's contact information to an institution that issues credit cards, loans and insurance based on certain criteria.  A creditor also checks its customers' credit files periodically. Creditors also check their credit files regularly. A credit card company can also check its credit files in order to make sure it's paying attention to its customers. A debt collector also checks credit files of its customers periodically.  Account Management is referred to as Account Management, Account Maintenance or Account Review. Account Review is also referred to Account Management. Account Maintenance is a form of account management. Account review is an account management process. Account maintenance is a process of accounting management and maintenance. Account management is also known as Account Maintenance.  A credit counseling agency, with the client's permission, can obtain a client's credit report with no adverse action. Credit counseling agency can obtain client's report without adverse action. Credit counseling agencies can obtain clients' credit report. Credit counselors can obtain credit report without client's consent.  A consumer can check his or her own credit report without impacting creditworthiness. Consumers can check their own credit reports without impacting their creditworthiness. Consumers can also check their credit reports to see if they have any problems with credit insurance companies, such as a mortgage company or bank account.  This is referred to as a \"consumer disclosure\" inquiry. This is a consumer disclosure inquiry. This is an inquiry into what is known as the Consumer Disclosure Inquiry. The inquiry was launched in 2007 and 2008. It is now being investigated by the Department of Public Disclosure.  Inquiries that can have an effect on the creditworthiness of a consumer are visible to lenders and credit scoring models, (also known as \"hard inquiries\") are made by lenders when consumers are seeking credit or a loan, in connection with permissible purpose. Employment screening inquiries are also known as hard inquiries.  Lenders can \"pull\" a consumer file for the purposes of extending credit to a consumer. When granted a permissible purpose, as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act, lenders can pull a file for credit extension purposes. Lenders, when granted, can pull files to extend credit to consumers.  Hard inquiries can, but do not, always, affect the borrower's credit score. Hard inquiries do not always affect the credit score, but sometimes affect credit scores. Credit score is a key factor in determining a credit card user's credit card score. Credit scores are based on credit card statements, not hard inquiries, according to experts.  Keeping credit inquiries to a minimum can help a person's credit rating. Credit inquiries can be kept a low profile in credit books. Credit card inquiries can also be kept low on credit cards. Credit cards can be used to improve your credit rating in the long run of a year.  A lender may perceive many inquiries over a short period of time on a person's report as a signal that the person is in financial difficulty, and may consider that person a poor credit risk. Lenders may consider a person who has made many inquiries in a short time period as a sign of financial difficulty.  Consumers can typically check their credit history by requesting credit reports from credit agencies. Consumers can also demand correction of information if necessary. Credit agencies are responsible for providing credit reports and scores to their credit card users. People can also check credit history with credit agencies to see if their scores are accurate.  In the United States, the Fair Credit Reporting Act governs businesses that compile credit reports. In the U.S., businesses that collect credit reports are subject to the act. The law protects businesses that report credit data from all over the world. The bill was passed by Congress in 2010.  These businesses range from the big three credit reporting agencies, Experian, Equifax, TransUnion, to specialty credit agencies that cater to specific clients including payday lenders, utility companies, casinos, landlords, medical service providers, and employers. These businesses include payday lenders and utility companies.  One Fair Credit Reporting Act requires credit reporting agencies to provide a free copy of credit reports for any consumer who requeses them. Credit reporting agencies are required to provide free copies of their credit reports to consumers who requeres requests. Consumers can request a free credit report from their credit reporting agency. ",
  "67": " A battery electric vehicle is a type of electric vehicle that exclusively uses chemical energy stored in rechargeable battery packs. All-electric vehicles have no secondary source of propulsion (a hydrogen fuel cell, internal combustion engine, etc. hydrogen fuel cells, or internal combustion engines) A BEV is a pure electric vehicle, or only-electric vehicle, fully electric vehicle.  BEVs use electric motors and motor controllers instead of internal combustion engines (ICEs) for propulsion. BEVs are powered by electric motors, motor controllers, rather than an internal combustion engine (ICE) engine. BEV engines can be driven by an electric motor controller or a combination of motor controllers.  They derive all power from battery packs and thus have no internal combustion engine, fuel cell, or fuel tank. They are not powered by any internal combustion engines, fuel cells, or a fuel cell. They have no fuel tank or internal power packs, and no internal or external fuel tanks.  BEVs include motorcycles, bicycles, scooters, skateboards, railcars, watercraft, forklifts, buses, trucks, trucks and cars. BEVs are not only motorcycles, but also bicycles and scooters. Beats include scooter, scooter and scooter scooters and railcars.  In 2016, there were 210 million electric bikes worldwide used daily. 210 million bikes worldwide are electric bikes used daily, according to the number of electric bikes sold in the U.S. in the world. There are 210 million bicycles worldwide, with more than 100,000 electric bikes in use daily.  Global sales of highway-capable light-duty pure electric car vehicles passed the one million unit milestone in September 2016. The milestone was achieved by the end of the year. The global sales of pure electric cars have now surpassed one million units worldwide. The electric car industry is one of the fastest-growing countries in the history of electric cars.  As of October 2020, the world's top selling all-electric car in history is the Tesla Model 3, with an estimated 645,000 sales, followed by the Nissan Leaf with over 500,000. The Nissan Leaf is also the top selling electric car in the world.  During the 1880s, Gustave Trouv\u00e9, Thomas Parker and Andreas Flocken built experimental electric cars. The first practical battery electric vehicles appeared during the 1890s. The cars were powered by battery electric batteries and were later developed by electric car makers. The electric cars were the first cars to be powered by batteries.  Battery vehicle milk floats expanded in 1931, and by 1967, gave Britain the largest electric vehicle fleet in the world. By 1967, the UK had the world's largest electric car fleet of electric vehicles, with an electric fleet of more than 1,000 vehicles in the UK.  Hybrid electric vehicles use both electric motors and internal combustion engines. They are not considered pure or all-electric vehicles. Plug-in hybrid electric vehicles whose batteries can be charged externally are called plug-in hybrids electric vehicles (PHEV) PHEVs run as BEVs during their charge-depleting mode.  PHEVs with a series powertrain are also called range-extended electric vehicles (REEVs) such as the Chevrolet Volt and Fisker Karma. The Chevrolet Volt is also known as a range extended electric vehicle, such as a Chevrolet Volt. The Fiskers Karma is a hybrid electric vehicle.  Plug-in electric vehicles are a subcategory of electric vehicles that includes battery electric vehicles (BEVs) and plug-in hybrid vehicles (PHEVs) PHEVs are a type of hybrid vehicles that include battery electric cars (BEVs) and hybrid cars.  Plug-in electric vehicles, together with hybrid electric vehicles are called new energy vehicles (NEVs) in China. Hybrid electric vehicles and all-combustion vehicles belong to one of the two categories. In China, plug-in\u00a0electric\u00a0vehicles\u00a0are called new\u00a0energy vehicles.  Neighborhood electric vehicles (NEVs) are battery electric vehicles that are legally limited to roads with posted speed limits no higher than 45 miles per hour (72 km/h) in the United States. NEVs are usually built to have a top speed of 30mph (48 km) and have a maximum loaded weight of 3,000 pounds (1,400 kg)  The concept of battery electric vehicles is to use charged batteries on board vehicles for propulsion. Battery electric vehicles are to be powered by the power of charged batteries. The concept is to be used to charge the vehicle's batteries to propel it to the top of the world's most powerful vehicles.  Battery electric cars are becoming more and more attractive with the higher oil prices and the advancement of new battery technology. Battery technology (lithium-ion) has higher power and energy density (i.e., greater possible acceleration and more range with fewer batteries) Battery technology is becoming more popular with electric cars.  Compared to older battery types such as lead-acid batteries.Compared to older batteries such a lead battery type such as Lead-acid battery batteries. Compared to the older battery type. Compared with older battery batteries such as older ones such as old ones. Inventor-designed batteries can be used to run a range of different batteries.  Lithium-ion batteries for example now have an energy density of 0.9\u20132.63 MJ/L. Lead-acid batteries had an energy denser than lead-acid ones, so energy density is 2.5 to 7.3x higher. Lithium ion batteries now have energy densities of\u00a00.9 to 2.63\u00a0MJ/L (so energy density\u00a0of\u00a02.5\u00a0moverable\u00a0batteries\u00a0are higher)  There is still a long way to go if comparing it to petroleum-based fuels and biofuels, however. Gasoline has an energy density of 34.2 MJ/L -38x to 12.92x higher- and ethanol having an energy of 24 MJ/ L -26x to 9.12x higher.  BEVs travel roughly 3x further than similar-size internal combustion vehicles per MJ of stored energy. This is partially offset by higher conversion efficiency of electric motors. BEVs are 3x more likely to travel with more energy than similar sized vehicles. BEV vehicles travel roughly threex further with stored energy than cars with similar-sized vehicles.  BEVs include automobiles, light trucks, and neighborhood electric vehicles. BEVs are also known as \"neighborhood electric vehicles\" BEVs can be used in cars, trucks, cars, vans, trucks and vans. BEV is a form of electric vehicles that can be driven by a neighborhood electric vehicle.  Battery electric trains in the form of BEMUs (battery electric multiple units) are operated commercially in Japan. Battery electric railcars are operated in Japan as part of the Electric Rail System. BEMU trains are operated by battery electric trains, part of Japan's Electric Rail Network.  They are charged via pantographs, either when driving on electrified railway lines or during stops at specially equipped train stations. They can be charged using pantographs or pantographs when driving through electrified lines. They are also charged when driving in specially equipped railway stations or when stopped at special stations.  They use battery power for propulsion when driving on railway lines that are not electrified. They have successfully replaced diesel multiple units on some such lines with battery power. The battery-powered units have been successfully replaced by diesel multiple unit. They are used on some lines that have not been electrified, such as some lines with no electric power.  Other countries have also tested or ordered such vehicles. The vehicles have been tested in China, Germany and Australia. Other nations have also ordered or ordered the vehicles from such countries as Brazil, Argentina, Brazil, Australia, Canada, Australia and Germany. Other countries also have ordered or tested vehicles from the vehicles.  Chattanooga, Tennessee, operates nine zero-fare electric buses. The buses have carried 11.3 million passengers and covered a distance of 3,100,000 kilometres (1,900,000 mi) They have carried a total of 11.4 million passengers, covering 1,800,000 km.  They are made locally by Advanced Vehicle Systems. They were made locally. They are the first vehicles made in the United States. They are now available in the UK. They were launched in 2009. They will be available in 2010. The first of its kind in the U.S.  Two of these buses were used for the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. Hong Kong Airport began operating a 16-passenger Mitsubishi Rosa electric shuttle bus in the summer of 2000. New York City began testing an all-electric version of the Blue Bird TC/2000.  The 2008 Beijing Olympics used a fleet of 50 electric buses, which have a range of 130 km (81 mi) with the air conditioning on. A similar bus was operated in Napa Valley, California, for 14 months ending in April 2004. The Beijing Olympic Games used the same buses.  They use lithium-ion batteries, and consume about 1 kW/mi (0.62 kW\u22c5h/km; 2.2 MJ/km) They are powered by lithium batteries and use about 1.62\u00a0kilometres/h/mi.  The buses were designed by the Beijing Institute of Technology and built by the Jinghua Coach. The buses are designed by Beijing University of Technology. They were built in China by Beijing's Jinghua coach company, which is based in Beijing, China's largest city of all time.  Electric buses are already operating in numerous cities in France. The batteries are replaced with fully charged ones at the recharging station to allow 24-hour operation of the buses. The electric bus phenomenon is in development in France, but some buses already operate in cities such as Paris.  PVI, a medium-sized company located in the Paris region, is one of the leaders of the market with its brand Gepebus. In the United States, the first battery-electric, fast-charge bus has been in operation in Pomona, California, since September 2010 at Foothill Transit.  In 2014, the first production model all-electric school bus was delivered to the Kings Canyon Unified School District in California's San Joaquin Valley. The Proterra EcoRide BE35 uses lithium-titanate batteries and is able to fast-charge in less than 10 minutes.  The bus was one of four ordered by the district. The bus is one of the district's first ever to be sent to a bus station. It was ordered by a local authority to take the bus out of the city. The district ordered four buses to be delivered to the bus station in the city's capital.  The battery-electric school bus is the first modern electric school bus approved for student transportation by any state. In 2016, including the light heavy-duty vehicles, there were roughly 1.5 million vehicles in California. The bus has four sodium nickel batteries and is powered by four lithium batteries.  The same technology is used to power the Mountain View Community Shuttles. The technology is also used in the community shuttle fleet. The shuttle fleet is powered by the same technology used by the city's community shuttle service. The public transit system is based in Mountain View, California.  This technology was supported by the California Energy Commission, and the shuttle program is being supported by Google. Google also supported the shuttle shuttle program. The shuttle program will be funded by California's Department of Energy and the California State Energy Commission and Google, among others, in the U.S.  Hong Kong-based company Thunder Sky builds lithium-ion batteries used in submarines. It has three models of electric buses, the 10/21 passenger EV-6700 with a range of 280 km (170 mi) under 20 mins quick-charge, the EV-2009 city buses, and the 43 passenger electric highway bus.  The buses will also be built in the United States and Finland. The buses are being built in both Finland and the U.S. The buses have been designed to be a low-cost alternative to the current model of the bus. They will cost around $1.5 million and cost around \u00a31 million.  Tindo is an all-electric bus from Adelaide, Australia. All-electric buses from Adelaide are made from electric buses. Free Tindos are available on the internet for free.com and on the Australian public transport network. Free to download the video from Tindoo.com.  The Tindo (aboriginal word for sun) is made by Designline International in New Zealand. It gets its electricity from a solar PV system on Adelaide's central bus station. The bus station is powered by solar energy from a system on the bus station in Adelaide.  Adelaide's public transport system is part of the Adelaide Public Transport System. Rides are zero-fare as part of Adelaide's free transport system. The city's bus service is also known for its low-fare fares. Adelaide is the only city in Australia to have a public transport network with public transport.  Proterra's EcoRide BE35 transit bus is a heavy-duty, fast charge, battery-electric bus. The Ecoliner by Foothill Transit in West Covina, California, is the first Fast-Charge, Battery-Electric Transit Bus.  Proterra's ProDrive drive-system uses a UQM motor and regenerative braking that captures 90 percent of the available energy and returns it to the TerraVolt energy storage system. This increases the total distance the bus can drive by 31\u201335 percent.  It can travel 30\u201340 miles (48 km) on a single charge, is 600 percent more fuel-efficient than a typical diesel or CNG bus. It produces 44 percent less carbon than CNG buses. It is up to 600% more fuel efficient and produces 44% less carbon.  Proterra buses have had several problems, most notably in Philadelphia where the entire fleet was removed from service. The entire fleet has been taken out of service in the city of Philadelphia, including the city's entire fleet of buses. The buses have been taken from service in Philadelphia, Philadelphia and New York.  The majority of the world's battery electric road vehicles were British milk floats. For most of the 20th century, the majority of world's batteries were battery electric vehicles. Electric trucks are now being driven by a fleet of electric cars and trucks. The world's first electric road vehicle was a British milk float, a milk float.  The 21st century saw the massive development of BYD electric trucks. BYD's electric trucks are among the world's first electric vehicles to be developed by BYD. The company has been developing its own electric trucks in China since 2008. The first electric truck company to build electric trucks was BYD Electric Trucks from China's Daimaimant.  Smith Electric Vehicles announced the release of the Newton Step-Van in March 2012, an all-electric, zero-emission vehicle built on the versatile Newton platform. The Newton platform features a walk-in body produced by Indiana-based Utilimaster. BYD supplies DHL with electric distribution fleet of commercial BYD T3 vans.  A battery-powered electric car is an automobile which is propelled by electric motors. An electric vehicle is a vehicle propelled by an electric motor propelled by a battery powered motor. A battery powered electric car can be driven by a combination of electric motors, such as a car powered by batteries.  Electric cars often give good acceleration and have generally acceptable top speed. The lower specific energy of production batteries available in 2015 compared with carbon-based fuels means that electric cars need batteries that are a fairly large fraction of the vehicle mass but still often give a relatively low range between charges.  Recharging can also take significant lengths of time. It can take a long time to recharge and take a significant amount of time to do so. Recharging is also difficult to do for a long period of time, such as a long-term recharging cycle. The best way to recharge is to recharge quickly is to take a longer time.  For journeys within a single battery charge, rather than long journeys, electric cars are practical forms of transportation. Electric cars can be recharged overnight and can be easily recharged in a single charge. For long journeys electric cars can also be used to travel within one night.  Electric cars can significantly reduce city pollution by having zero emissions. Electric cars have zero emissions by having no emissions. They can be significantly reduced to zero emissions in the city of any major cities. Electric vehicles can also be significantly more environmentally friendly than cars with zero emissions. Electric cars are the best way to reduce pollution in cities.  Electric cars are having a major impact in the auto industry given advantages in city pollution, less dependence on oil and combustion, and scarcity. Vehicle greenhouse gas savings depend on how the electricity is generated, say experts. Electric cars have advantages in reducing city pollution and less reliance on oil.  World governments pledging billions to fund development of electric vehicles and their components. World governments are pledging billions of dollars to develop electric vehicles.Formu is the first electric vehicle to be developed in the U.S. to be built in China, China, Germany and China. ",
  "68": " A solar cell or photovoltaic cell is an electronic device that converts the energy of light directly into electricity. It converts light to electricity by means of the photovolaic effect. A solar\u00a0cell\u00a0can be used to make solar cells more efficient and efficient solar cells.  Photoelectric cell is a form of photoelectric cell. It is a device whose electrical characteristics (such as current, voltage, or resistance) vary when exposed to light. Photoelectric cells are a type of light-sensitive device that can be exposed to a light source.  Individual solar cell devices are often the electrical building blocks of photovoltaic modules, known colloquially as \"solar panels\" Individual solar cells are often used to make solar cells, such as solar cells or solar cells. Solar cells can be used in solar cells and solar cells to make electricity from solar panels.  The common single-junction silicon solar cell can produce a maximum open-circuit voltage of approximately 0.5 to 0.6 volts. Photovoltaic cells may operate under sunlight or artificial light. They can be used in daylight or in artificial light to make electricity.  In addition to producing energy, they can be used as a photodetector (for example infrared detectors), detecting light or other electromagnetic radiation near the visible range, or measuring light intensity. They can also be used in infrared detectors, infrared detectors or other infrared radiation detectors.  The operation of a PV cell requires three basic attributes: absorption of light, generating excitons (bound electron-hole pairs), unbound electrons, or plasmons. The absorption and generation of light can also be used to generate electrons or electrons from a cell.  The separation of charge carriers of opposite types is a key to separating charge carriers from charge carriers. The separation is the separation between charge carriers and charge carriers in opposite types. The two types are separated from each other in the opposite direction of the charge carriers. The separation occurs when charge carriers are carriers with opposite types of type.  In contrast, a solar thermal collector supplies heat by absorbing sunlight. Solar thermal collectors can be used for either direct heating or indirect electrical power generation from heat. The separate extraction of those carriers to an external circuit is separate from the extraction of the carriers to the external circuit.  A \"photoelectrolytic cell\" refers to a type of photovoltaic cell or dye-sensitized solar cells. A device splits water directly into hydrogen and oxygen using only solar illumination. A photoelectrochemical cell can also be used to split water into hydrogen or oxygen.  Photovoltaic cells and solar collectors are the two means of producing solar power. Photovolaic cells can be used to make solar power from solar cells. Solar collectors can also be used as solar collectors or solar collectors. Solar cells and collectors are two ways of making solar energy.  Assemblies of solar cells are used to make solar modules that generate electrical power from sunlight. Solar thermal modules are distinguished from \"solar hot water panels\" Solar cells can be assembled into solar modules to generate electricity. Solar modules can also be used in other solar modules.  A solar array generates solar power using solar energy. Solar panels generate solar power from solar cells. Solar cells can also be used to generate solar energy from solar energy sources. Solar array can also generate solar electricity from solar panels. Solar arrays can be used for solar power purposes in the United States.  Application of solar cells as an alternative energy source for vehicular applications is a growing industry. Solar cells can be used to power vehicles in a range of vehicles. The solar cells can also be used for other vehicles in cars and trucks. Solar panels can be found in cars, trucks, cars and buses.  Electric vehicles that operate off of solar energy and/or sunlight are commonly referred to as solar cars. Solar cars are commonly known as solar-powered vehicles. Solar-powered cars operate off solar energy or sunlight power sources. Solar vehicles are commonly called solar cars and are commonly used in solar power vehicles.  These vehicles use solar panels to convert absorbed light into electrical energy that is then stored in batteries. These vehicles are powered by solar panels, which converts absorbed light to electrical energy. The solar panels are then used to store energy in the vehicle's battery compartment and store it in the car.  The first instance of photovoltaic cells within vehicular applications was around midway through the second half of the 1900's. There are multiple input factors that affect the output power of solar cells such as temperature, material properties, weather conditions, solar irradiance and more.  Hans Tholstrup set up the first edition of the World Solar Challenge in 1987. In an effort to increase publicity and awareness in solar powered transportation, Hans set up a series of events in Denmark to promote solar powered transport. The first edition was held in 1987 in Copenhagen, Denmark.  Race was a 3000 km race across the Australian outback. Competitors from industry research groups and top universities around the globe were invited to compete. It was a 3km race that took place across the outback of the Australian Outback. The race was held in conjunction with industry groups and universities from around the world.  General Motors ended up winning the event by a significant margin with their Sunraycer vehicle that achieved speeds of over 40 mph. General Motors won the race with a vehicle that reached speeds of 40 mph in under two seconds. The event was held in New York City, New York, New Jersey.  Solar powered cars are one of the oldest alternative energy vehicles. Current solar vehicles harness energy from the Sun via solar panels. Solar panels are a collected group of solar cells working in tandem towards a common goal. Solar cells are a collection of cells that work in tandem to produce solar energy.  These solid-state devices use quantum mechanical transitions in order to convert a given amount of solar power into electrical power. The devices are based on quantum mechanical\u00a0transitions\u00a0to convert solar power to electrical power in a solid state. These devices are made of solid state devices that convert solar energy into electricity.  The electricity produced as a result is stored in the vehicle's battery in order to run the motor of the vehicle. The electricity is then stored in a vehicle battery to run its motor. The battery is then used to store the electricity produced by the vehicle to run a vehicle's motor.  Batteries in solar-powered vehicles differ from those in standard ICE cars because they are fashioned in a way to impart more power towards the electrical components of the vehicle for a longer duration. Solar-powered cars can be powered by solar energy sources in a range of solar power systems.  Multiple solar cells in an integrated group, all oriented in one plane, constitute a solar photovoltaic panel or module. Cells, modules, panels and systems are called cells, modules and systems. Solar cells in integrated groups are called solar cells, panels or modules.  Photovoltaic modules often have a sheet of glass on the sun-facing side, allowing light to pass while protecting the semiconductor wafers. The modules are often covered in glass that protects the semiconductors from sunlight and protects them from the sun. The solar panels can be used to make solar power systems.  Solar cells usually connected in series creating additive voltage. Solar cells are usually connected to each other in a series creating an additive voltage. Solar cells can also be connected to other solar cells in series to create additive voltages. Solar cell cells can be used to make solar cells more efficient and more efficient. Connecting cells in parallel yields a higher current. Connecting cells to parallel yields higher current. Connecting cell cells to each other in parallel produces a higher voltage. The cells are connected by parallel cells in a parallel array of cells. The cells can also be connected by connecting cells to a different cell surface.  Problems in paralleled cells such as shadow effects can shut down the weaker (less illuminated) parallel string (a number of series connected cells) causing substantial power loss and possible damage. Problems can be done with or without independent MPPTs (maximum power point trackers) or with module level power electronic (MLPE) units such as microinverters or DC-DC optimizers.  Shunt diodes can reduce shadowing power loss in arrays with series/parallel connected cells. They can reduce shadows of power loss with series and parallel cells. Shunt\u00a0diodes\u00a0can reduce shadow power loss from arrays of cells with series\u00a0connected\u00a0cells.  U.S. cost per watt for a utility scale system had declined to $0.94 by 2020. By 2020, the United States cost per Watt for a. utility scale. scale system would have declined from $0,000 to $1,000 per watt.  The photovoltaic effect was experimentally demonstrated first by French physicist Edmond Becquerel. It was first demonstrated by Edmond Bequerell in 1940s. The effect was first observed in France in the early 1900s. Inventors have been experimenting with solar panels for solar power since then.  In 1839, at age 19, he built the world's first photovoltaic cell in his father's laboratory. He built the cell in 1839 at the age of 19. He is credited with inventing the first solar cell in the world of solar power.  Willoughby Smith first described the \"Effect of Light on Selenium during the passage of an Electric Current\" in a 20 February 1873 issue of Nature. Smith first published the article in the February 18th issue of the journal Nature. The article was published in the same issue of that issue in 1873.  Charles Fritts built the first solid state photovoltaic cell by coating the semiconductor selenium with a thin layer of gold to form the junctions. The device was only around 1% efficient. In 1883, the device was around 1\u00a0percent efficient.  Russian physicist Aleksandr Stoletov built the first cell based on the outer photoelectric effect discovered by Heinrich Hertz in 1887. Other milestones include the creation of the first photoelectric cell in 1888 and the discovery of the outer effect of the inner effect in 1888.  Julius Elster, together with Hans Friedrich Geitel, devised the first practical photoelectric cell in 1904. Elster invented photoelectric cells in 1904 in Berlin, Germany. The cell was developed by Elster in 1904, and was later developed by the same team of engineers.  Albert Einstein proposed a new quantum theory of light and explained the photoelectric effect in a landmark paper. He received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1921 for his work. Albert Einstein received the award for his theory of quantum light in 1905. He also received a Nobel Prize for physics in 1921. 1941 \u2013 Vadim Lashkaryov discovered p-n-junctions in Cu2O and Ag2S protocells.1941 - Vadam Lashkariesov discovered the p-junction mechanism in the cells of Ag2O, Cu2S and CuO.  Russell Ohl patented the modern junction semiconductor solar cell in 1946. Ohl was working on the series of advances that would lead to the transistor. He invented the modern semiconductor semiconductonducting solar cells in 1946. Ohl's invention was the work that led to the invention of the transistors.  Kurt Lehovec may have been the first to explain the photo-voltaic effect in the peer reviewed journal Physical Review. He may be the first person to write about the effect in a scientific journal published in 1948. He was also the inventor of the photovoltaic effect.  The first practical practical photovoltaic cell was publicly demonstrated at Bell Laboratories in 1954. The cell was the first practical solar cell to be publicly demonstrated in the U.S. at Bell Labs. Photovolta cells were developed in the 1950s and 1960s.  Inventors were Calvin Souther Fuller, Daryl Chapin and Gerald Pearson. The inventors of the invention were Calvin Fuller. The invention was developed in the 1960s and '90s. It is the first time the invention has been patented in the United States.  Solar cells gained prominence with their incorporation onto the Vanguard I satellite. Solar cells were incorporated into the\u00a0Vanguard\u00a0I satellite in 1958. They were incorporated onto the\u00a0vanguard\u00a0satellite\u00a0Viggers I satellite in 1959. The\u00a0Solar\u00a0cellar\u00a0cells\u00a0were incorporated into Vanguard I satellites.  Solar cells were proposed and flown on the Vanguard satellite in 1958 as an alternative power source to the primary battery power source. They were first used in a prominent application when they were proposed to be flown on Vanguard satellite. The Vanguard satellite was the first satellite to be powered by solar cells.  By adding cells to the outside of the body, the mission time could be extended with no major changes to the spacecraft or its power systems. The mission time will be extended by adding cells in the spacecraft's solar cells to its solar cells. The solar cells could be added to the solar system to extend its mission time.  In 1959 the United States launched Explorer 6, featuring large wing-shaped solar arrays, which became a common feature in satellites. Explorer 6 was launched by the U.S. in 1959. The solar array was the first of its kind to be used in a satellite satellite.  These arrays consisted of 9600 Hoffman solar cells. These arrays were made of solar cells and solar panels. The solar cells were made from 9600\u00a0hope\u00a0arounds\u00a0to create the solar array. The array was designed to create the most efficient solar cells in the world.  By the 1960s, solar cells were (and still are) the main power source for most Earth orbiting satellites and a number of probes into the solar system. They offered the best power-to-weight ratio. Solar cells are still the main source of power for most orbiting satellites.  Power system costs could be high, because space users had few other power options, and were willing to pay for the best possible cells. However, this success was possible because in the space application, power system costs may be high. Space users would pay more to power system than other alternatives.  The space power market drove the development of higher efficiencies in solar cells up until the National Science Foundation \"Research Applied to National Needs\" program began to push development of solar cells for terrestrial applications. The program was pushed by the program to develop solar cells that could be used in space power.  Technology used for space solar cells diverged from the silicon technology used for terrestrial panels in the early 1990s. The technology then evolved into the modern III-V multijunction photovoltaic cell used on spacecraft. In the 1990s the spacecraft application shifted to gallium arsenide-based semiconductor materials.  In recent years, research has moved towards designing and manufacturing lightweight, flexible, and highly efficient solar cells. Research is moving towards designing lightweight and flexible solar cells that can be more efficient and more efficient. In the future, research will focus on making lightweight and efficient solar panels with flexible and lightweight cells.  Terrestrial solar cell technology generally uses photovoltaic cells that are laminated with a layer of glass for strength and protection. Solar cells generally use a thin layer of laminated glass to protect themselves and protect themselves from solar radiation. Solar cell technology is generally used in the United States and Canada.  Space applications require that the cells and arrays are both highly efficient and extremely lightweight. Space applications for solar cells require that they are both efficient and lightweight. The cells and array arrays must be extremely lightweight and highly efficient. The solar cells can be used in space applications such as the Mars Mars rover.  Multi-junction photovoltaic cells are composed of different PN junctions with varying bandgaps in order to utilize a wider spectrum of the sun's energy. Some newer technology implemented on satellites are multi-joint photovolaic cells, which can be used on a wide spectrum of solar energy.  Large satellites require the use of large solar arrays to produce electricity. Large satellites use large solar array to power their satellites. Large solar arrays can also be used to power large solar panels on large satellites. Solar panels can be used for large satellites to power satellites and satellites.  These solar arrays need to be broken down to fit in the geometric constraints of the launch vehicle the satellite travels on before being injected into orbit. The solar arrays must be broken into pieces to fit into the shape of the vehicle they travel on before they are injected into space.  Historically, solar cells on satellites consisted of several small terrestrial panels folded together. The solar cells were folded together to create solar panels on satellites. Solar cells are used on satellites and satellites to make solar power systems on Earth's satellites. Satellites are now powered by solar cells in orbit around the world.  Small panels would be unfolded into a large panel after the satellite is deployed in orbit. These small panels would then unfold into a larger panel after being folded into orbit. The satellite would be deployed in its orbit and would then be folded into a panel after it was deployed.  New satellites aim to use flexible rollable solar arrays that are very lightweight and can be packed into a very small volume. Rollable solar array arrays can be rolled into very small volumes and packed in a very lightweight volume. The solar array can also be rolled up in very small quantities of solar cells.  In 2020, the US Naval Research Laboratory conducted its first test of solar power generation in a satellite. The Photovoltaic Radio-frequency Antenna Module (PRAM) experiment was conducted aboard the Boeing X-37. The smaller size and weight of these flexible arrays drastically decreases the overall cost of launching a satellite due to the direct relationship between payload weight and launch cost.  Improvements were gradual over the 1960s. Improved manufacturing methods were gradual in the 1950s and '60s. Manufacturers began to improve manufacturing methods in 1960s, '80s, and '90s. Modernized manufacturing techniques were introduced in the 1970s, but were slow to make improvements.  This was also the reason that costs remained high, because space users were willing to pay for it. Space users are willing to use the space system, and the cost of space travel was also high. This was because of the willingness of space users to use it, as well as the willingness to pay it. ",
  "69": " Shor's algorithm is a quantum algorithm for finding the prime factors of an integer. It was developed by Shor in the 1970s. It is used to find prime factors in an integer with prime factors. Shor is the name of the algorithm used in quantum computing.  It was developed in 1994 by the American mathematician Peter Shor. It is the world's first version of the Shor-Shor algorithm. The algorithm was developed by Shor in 1994 and is based on Shor\u2019s work on a formula for a certain type of formula.  It is one of the few known quantum algorithms with compelling potential applications. There is strong evidence of superpolynomial speedup compared to best known classical (that is, non-quantum) algorithms. It is a quantum algorithm that could be used in quantum computing.  On the other hand, factoring numbers of practical significance requires far more qubits than available in the near future. Factoring numbers in quantum computing will require far more than qubits to be used in the future, but it is possible to use qubits in real-life applications.  Noise in quantum circuits may undermine results, requiring additional qubits for error correction. Another concern is that noise may undermine quantum error correction, requiring more qubits to do so. No noise in circuits may also undermine results of quantum circuits, according to the study. The study was published on Monday, October 8, at 10am in New York.  Shor proposed multiple algorithms solving the factoring problem, the discrete logarithm problem, and the period finding problem. He proposed multiple similar algorithms to solve the problem. Shor's algorithm is based on his work on factoring and period finding problems. He has also proposed algorithms for other problems, such as the time-finding problem.  \"Shor's algorithm\" usually refers to his algorithm solving factoring, but may also refer to each of the three. The algorithm is often used to solve factoring problems in factoring. Shor may refer to the factoring algorithm, or the algorithm itself, or his algorithm.  The discrete logarithm algorithm and the factoring algorithm are instances of the hidden subgroup problem. All three algorithms have the same name as the period finding algorithm. The hidden subgroups problem is known as the Hidden Subgroup Problem of the Period Finding Algorithm.  Shor's algorithm runs in polynomial time, meaning the time taken is polynnomineable. The size of the integer given as input is the length of the algorithm. The algorithm is based on the size of an integer given to factor an integer on a quantum computer.  It takes quantum gates of order and is consequently in the complexity class BQP. It is the fastest multiplication algorithm known due to Harvey Derven and Van Derven. The algorithm is currently known as the fastest multiplying algorithm asymptotically using the fastest factor factorization factorization.  This is significantly faster than the most efficient known classical factoring algorithm, the general number field sieve, which works in sub-exponential time:    The algorithm is much faster than any known classical factor factor factor algorithm, such as the number field factor sieve.  Shor's algorithm could be used to break public-key cryptography schemes, such as RSA, Finite Field Diffie-Hellman and Elliptic Curve. Shor is based on the assumption that factoring large integers is computationally intractable. A quantum computer with a sufficient number of qubits could operate without succumbing to quantum noise and other quantum-decoherence phenomena.  As far as is known, this assumption is valid for classical (non-quantum) computers. No classical algorithm is known that can factor integers in polynomial time. This assumption is invalid for classical computers; no classical algorithm has been found to do so. No algorithm is yet known to factor integer numbers with polynomorphic time.  Shor's algorithm shows that factoring integers is efficient on an ideal quantum computer. However, it may be feasible to defeat RSA by constructing a large quantum computer, such as a large computer. RSA algorithm can be defeated by constructing large quantum computers such as Shor.  It was also a powerful motivator for the design and construction of quantum computers, and for the study of new quantum-computer algorithms. It was used to motivate the design, construction and design of quantum-computers, and to study new algorithms for new quantum computers.  It has facilitated research on new cryptosystems that are secure from quantum computers, collectively called post-quantum cryptography. It has also facilitated the development of new cryptographic systems that can be secured by quantum computers. It is also facilitating research on post-Quantum cryptography, collectively known as post quantum cryptography, in which quantum computers can be secure.  Given the high error rates of contemporary quantum computers and too few qubits to use quantum error correction, laboratory demonstrations obtain correct results only in a fraction of attempts. The results are based on the fact that qubits are used in quantum computing. The result is a quantum computer that uses a quantum error-correcting technique.  Shor's algorithm was demonstrated by a group at IBM in 2001. IBM used an NMR implementation of a quantum computer with seven qubits. In 2001, IBM used Shor to demonstrate the algorithm's algorithm. Shor was first published in 2001, with IBM using the algorithm.  Multi-qubit entanglement was observed when running the Shor's algorithm circuits. IBM's algorithm was implemented by IBM using photonic qubits. Two independent groups implemented the algorithm using photonics qubits in order to test the algorithm. The results show that multi-qubits were observed in the circuits.  In 2012, the factorization of 15-bit qubits was performed with solid-state qubits. The factorization was performed in 2012. It is the first time a solid state qubit has been used in a quantum-based quantum computing system. The number of qubits used to factorize the number of atoms used in quantum computing.  Later, in 2012, the factorization of    a number 21 was achieved. The factorization was achieved in 2012. The number 21 is based on the fact that 21 is 21 years older than the previous number 21. In 2012, it was used to form a new number of words for the word 21.  An attempt was made to factor the number of people using Shor's algorithm on an IBM Q System One, but the algorithm failed because of accumulating errors. In 2019, the algorithm was used to factor a person out of 35,000. The algorithm failed due to accumulating errors in the algorithm.  Theoretical analyses of Shor's algorithm assume a quantum computer free of noise and errors. Quantum computers have also been factored by quantum computers using other algorithms. These algorithms are similar to classical brute-force checking of factors, so unlike Shor\u2019s algorithm, they are not expected to ever perform better than classical factoring algorithms.  Near-term practical implementations will have to deal with such undesired phenomena. Quantum error correction can help when more qubits are available. However, near-term implementation will need to be dealt with such issues. Quantum errors can help in the near-future of quantum computing.  In 2023, Jin-Yi Cai studied the impact of noise and concluded that there is a special class of numbers (products of two primes from A073024, which are dense in the semiprimes), Shor's algorithm cannot factor such numbers in the presence of noise.  Error-correction will be needed to be able to factor all numbers with Shor's algorithm. Error-correcting will be required to be used to factor numbers with the algorithm. Shor algorithm is based on the factoring of all numbers by Shor. Error correction will need to be needed in order to factor any numbers with algorithm.  Given an odd composite number, the algorithm tries to find its integer factors. The algorithm is based on the fact that the number is odd. The problem is to find the number of factors in the odd composite numbers. An algorithm is called an algorithm to solve the problem. It solves the problem using an algorithm that looks at the composite number.  Shor's algorithm consists of two parts: a classical reduction of the factoring problem to the problem of order-finding. A classical reduction reduces the problem to a problem of factoring to the task of order finding. Shor has been named the Shor algorithm for the algorithm.  This reduction is similar to that used for other factoring algorithms, such as the quadratic sieve. This reduction reduces the size of a factoring algorithm by reducing the number of factors in a given number. The algorithm is used in many other algorithms such as quadration sieve and factoring.  A quantum algorithm to solve the order-finding problem has been developed. The algorithm is based on a quantum algorithm. It was developed in the 1970s and 1980s to solve problems such as the Order-finding Problem. It is the first quantum algorithm based on an algorithm that solves the problem.  A complete factoring algorithm is possible if we're able to efficiently factor arbitrary numbers into just two prime numbers. The algorithm can then be run on those numbers until only primes remain. If two prime are not prime then the algorithm can run on them until only prime numbers are left.  Euclid's algorithm shows we can always compute the GCD between two integers efficiently. Euclid algorithm is used to compute GCDs between an integer and an integer. The algorithm is based on the fact that Euclid can compute an integer between two numbers efficiently. In this case, the algorithm is called Euclid-Euclid algorithm.  In particular, this means we can check efficiently whether 2 is trivially a factor. We can check if 2 is even, in which case 2 is a factor, or 2 is an even factor. N is even if the two factors are even, as is 2 factors in the case of N.  N. is odd for the remainder of this discussion. Let us assume that    grotesque is odd. N is odd in the rest of the discussion. N.  is odd to assume that N. will be odd in this case. N has been odd in some of the most recent examples.  Afterwards, we can use efficient classical algorithms to check if the prime power is prime power. N is a prime power. Afterwards we can check if it is prime. The prime power has a prime factor of 1%. The power is a factor of 2% in terms of power.  For prime powers, efficient classical factorization algorithms exist, hence the rest of the quantum algorithm may assume that. The quantum algorithm assumes that the prime power is not a prime power. The algorithm may also assume that prime powers are not prime powers. In this case, the algorithm may use an efficient factorization algorithm.  If those easy cases do not produce a nontrivial factor of N, the algorithm proceeds to handle the remaining cases. The algorithm then handles the remaining case. If the algorithm does not handle an easy case, it handles the rest of the cases with a factor of \u00a0N, N, N is the algorithm's algorithm.  We pick a random integer from a random random integer. The random integer is a random number. We pick the random integer to test our knowledge of the meaning of a given name. We then pick the number we pick from the random number to test the accuracy of the number. The number is 2.  A nontrivial divisor can be found by computing the Euclidean algorithm. It can be done classically and efficiently using the Euclidan algorithm, which can be used to find the divisors of a given. The Euclideans algorithm is used to compute a divisorial divisibility.  If the algorithm produces a nontrivial factor, the algorithm is finished. The algorithm produces the algorithm's algorithm. If this produces a factor that produces the other nontrivially factor, it will be the algorithm. This factor produces a non-narrow factor, and the algorithm uses the other factor to produce the algorithm.  If a nontrivial factor was not identified, then that means that    grotesque,   or grotesque, is coprime. The choice of the word \"glyglyglyphantic\" and \"glyphantic\" means that the choice of  grotesque and grotesque are coprimes. ",
  "70": " Financial management is the business function concerned with profitability, expenses, cash and credit. Financial management also concerned with profits, expenses and credit. Financial management involves the company's profitability and expenses, and the ability to control its finances. Financial Management is the function of a company that manages its finances.  These are often grouped together under the rubric of maximizing the value of the firm for stockholders. Stockholders can benefit from the firm's decisions to maximize value for the company's stockholders, such as those of a company that has a large stake stake in the firm.  Financial managers (FM) are specialized professionals directly reporting to senior management, often the financial director. The discipline is tasked with the \"efficient acquisition and deployment\" of both short- and long-term financial resources, to ensure the objectives of the enterprise are achieved. The function is seen as'staff', and not 'line'  Financial management is generally concerned with short term working capital management, focusing on current assets and current liabilities. Managing fluctuations in foreign currency and product cycles is often through hedging. Financial management generally focuses on short-term working capital and managing fluctuations of foreign currency, product cycles.  The function also entails the efficient and effective day-to-day management of funds, and thus overlaps treasury management. The function is also responsible for the efficient, effective and effective management of the funds. Treasury management overlaps with treasury management, and therefore overlaps the function of the Treasury.  It is also involved with long term  strategic financial management, focused on i.a. It has also been involved in long-term strategic  financial management. The company is based in London, London and New York, with the majority of its clients in the UK. capital structure management, including capital raising, capital budgeting, and dividend policy, is more the domain of \"corporate finance\" than corporate finance. The latter, in large corporates, the latter, is considered more of a domain of corporate finance, such as capital raising and budgeting.  Profit maximization happens when marginal cost is equal to marginal revenue. Profit maximization is maximized by maximizing marginal cost. Specific tasks must be done to maximize profit maximization in order to maximimize profit.Specific tasks: Identifying tasks: Specific tasks, identifying tasks and identifying tasks.  This is the main objective of financial management. This is to ensure that financial stability is maintained in the country's finances. This is a key objective for financial management of the country\u2019s finances. This has been a major success in the world of finance and business development.  Maintaining proper cash flow is a short run objective of financial management. Financial management is short-term goals for financial management, such as maintaining cash flow and maintaining a healthy balance sheet. Financial success is a long-term success in the world of finance and business development, say experts.  It is necessary for operations to pay the day-to-day expenses e.g. It is also necessary to pay for operations. Operations are necessary to support operations in order to keep afloat. It is essential for operations in the country to maintain a functioning economy. It's necessary to fund operations to keep operations running. raw material, electricity bills, wages, rent etc. etc. and other costs. The cost of everything from food to housing is included in the cost of living in the U.S. and living in a state of poverty. The costs of living sustainably in the United States are estimated at $100,000 a year.  A good cash flow ensures the survival of a company; see cashflow forecast. See cash flow forecast for a company's cash flow. A company's good cash cash flow is key to survival in a company that needs it to survive in order to survive. For more information, see www.cnn.com/company-newsletter-news.com.  Minimization of capital cost in financial management can help operations gain more profit. Minimizing on capital cost can help businesses gain more profits. Capital cost is a key component of a company's financial management strategy to increase profits. The goal is to reduce capital cost of operations in order to increase profitability.  Businesses make forecast on funds needed in both short run and long run, hence, they can improve the efficiency of funding. Businesses need to estimate the amount of funds needed for both short-run and long-run purposes. The cost of a company can be estimated at around $1.5 billion.  The estimation is based on the budget e.g. e.m. It is not known how much money will be spent on the project. The project is estimated to be worth an estimated $1.2 billion. The budget is estimated at $2.5 billion, according to the estimate. sales budget, production budget; see budget analyst. See budget analyst.salesbudget, production budgets. See budget estimates for production costs at $1.2 billion. See production budget for more details. See budgets for production budget, sales budget for $1 billion.  Capital structure is how a firm finances its overall operations and growth by using different sources of funds. Capital structure determines how a company finances its operations. A firm's capital structure can be defined by how it finances operations, growth and operations. The capital structure of a firm can be determined by a firm's ability to make a decision on its capital structure.  The financial manager should decide the mix of debt and equity and also types of debt. Once the requirement of funds has been estimated, the financial manager will decide how much of the money will need to be spent. The amount of funds must be estimated and the amount of debt must be decided by a financial manager.  Managerial finance is the (academic) branch of finance concerned with the managerial application of financial techniques. Corporate finance is mainly concerned with capital budgeting, and typically is more relevant to large corporations. Financial management is a form of financial management that can be applied in financial management.  Investment management is the professional asset management of various securities (shares, bonds and other securities/assets) Investment management is also related to investment management. Investing management is a form of investment management, also related, to manage investments in various securities and other assets.  The function sits with treasury; usually the management of the various short-term financial legal instruments (contractual duties, obligations, or rights) appropriate to the company's cash- and liquidity management requirements. In the context of financial management, treasury is a function of treasury.  See Treasury management for functions in Treasury management. Treasury management is responsible for the Treasury's finances. Treasury managers are responsible for most of the country's budget decisions. See Treasury Management in Treasury Management for more detail. See treasury management for more details of Treasury management in the Treasury.  Financial management refers to a company's financial strategy. Personal finance or personal finance refers to an individual's management strategy. Financial life management is a management strategy used by individuals to manage their finances. Financial management is often used in terms of financial strategy and personal finance. The term \"financial management\" is used to refer to company's strategy.  A personal financial planner is a professional who prepares financial plans here. A financial planner, or personal financial planners, is a financial planner. A planner is an expert in financial planning and personal financial planning. A planner is a planner or financial planner who prepares a financial plan for the future.  Financial management systems are the software and technology used by organizations to connect, store, and report assets, income, and expenses. Financial systems are used to connect and store assets, incomes, expenses, assets, and income. Software and technology is used in financial management systems.  The discipline relies on a range of products, from spreadsheets to commercial EPM and BI tools. These include BusinessObjects (SAP), OBI EE (Oracle), Cognos (IBM), and Power BI (Microsoft) The discipline is defined by spreadsheets as a starting point, and frequently as a total.  See Financial modeling and Accounting for Accounting for discussion. Use of Financial modeling to model financial models for accounting purposes. See Financial Modeling for Accounting at the bottom of the page for more information about the financial modeling of financial models and accounting methods used in the modeling process.  Financial Management Service is a bureau of the U.S. Treasury which provides financial services for the government. Financial management for IT services, financial management of IT assets and resources, can be used to manage IT assets, resources and resources. It is also known as Financial Management Services, which provides government financial services.  Financial mismanagement and corporate finance are examples of financial mismanagement. Financial risk management is a key part of corporate finance management. The finance industry has a history of mismanagement as a result of a mismanagement of financial risk management and management. The practice is now considered a model of management in the United States. Principles of Managerial Finance, 14th edition, Addison-Wesley Publishing, ISBN 978-0133507690. The book is based on principles of managerial finance, and is based in London, England, Australia, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.  Clive Marsh (2009) Clive Marsh is best known for his work in the United States. Clive Marsh has published a book called \"Clive Marsh\" Clive Marsh's book, Clive Marsh, is best-selling author of the book, \"The Best of the World\", published by Clive Marsh.  Mastering Financial Management, Financial Times Prentice Hall ISBN 978-0-273-7245454-4. James Van Horne and John Wachowicz (2009) masterminded Financial Management. Masterman's Financial Times is published by Financial Times, published by the Financial Times.  Fundamentals of Financial Management, 13th ed., Pearson Education Limited. Pearson Education. Pearson Education Ltd. is a publisher of the 13th edition of the book, which has been published by Pearson Education, Ltd. It is available to download in print and personal use only.  ISBN 970565614229 is out now and is being published in hard-sellers' first edition. The book is published in paperback and hard-selling hard-seller's first edition, published in November 2013. It is now available on sale for $99.99.95. ",
  "71": " Limited overs cricket is a version of the sport of cricket in which a match is generally completed in one day. It is also known as one-day cricket or white ball cricket. The game is played in limited overs cricket, or one day cricket, in which the match is completed in a single day.  There are a number of formats, including List A cricket (8-hour games), Twenty20 cricket (3-hour cricket) and 100-ball cricket (2.5 hours) List A matches are played in 8-hour matches and 3-hour Twenty20 matches.  The name reflects the rule that in the match each team bowls a set maximum number of overs (sets of 6 legal balls) usually between 20 and 50 balls is played. Short and longer forms of limited overs cricket have also been played. The rule is that each team bowl a maximum of overs in a match.  The concept contrasts with Test and first-class matches, which can take up to five days to complete. The concept is similar to Test matches that can take as long as five days. First-class cricket matches can take more than a week to complete, with a five-day period.  One-day cricket is popular with spectators as it can encourage aggressive, risky, entertaining batting. It often results in cliffhanger endings, and ensures that a spectator can watch an entire match without committing to five days of continuous attendance. Cricket fans can watch entire matches without committing five days a week to attend.  Each innings is limited to a set number of overs, usually fifty in a One Day International and between forty and sixty in a List A. Each team bats only once, and each innings has a maximum of 50 overs per innings. Each innings can be limited to 50 overs in a ODI or 60 overs in List A matches.  List A is a classification of the limited-overs (one-day) form of cricket, technically as the domestic level. List A includes the domestic domestic level of domestic cricket. List is based on cricket's one-day one-and-a-team level.  Important one-day matches, international and domestic matches, often have two days set aside. The second day is a reserve day to allow more chance of the game being completed if a result is not possible on the first day (for instance if play is prevented or interrupted by rain)  In some tied limited-overs games, a Super Over is played, wherein each team bats for a one-over innings with two wickets in hand. The Super Over sees each team bat for one over innings with a one over wicket-in-hand. In some games, the teams bat for an over one over with wickets remaining.  A tied Super Over may be followed by another Super Over. A tie-in Super Over is followed by a Super Over or a tie. The winner of the game will be determined by the amount of time it takes for each Super Over to win. The result of a tie may be decided by the winner of both Super Over and the winner.  In almost all competitive one-day games, a restriction is placed on the number of overs that may be bowled by any one bowler. A bowler may be limited to 10 overs bowled in a one-over match. The bowler's overs can be restricted to 15 overs per bowler in a match.  This is to prevent a side playing two top-class bowlers with extremely good stamina who can bowl throughout their opponents' innings. It is hoped they will be able to bowl throughout the innings in order to prevent teams playing two bowlers who have very good stamina. This means they can bowl through their opponents throughout their innings.  The usual limitation is set so that a side must include at least five players who bowl i.e. bowlers. The usual limit is five bowlers per side. A side must have at least one bowler at all at the top of the line-up. each bowler can only bowl 20% of the overs. Each bowler has to bowl only 20% overs. The bowler is allowed to bowl at least 20 overs a day. The bowlers are limited to just 20 overs per over. Each bowler has to bow only 20 overs of overs.  For example, the usual limit for twenty-over cricket is four overs per bowler. For forty over cricket, for forty overs, for fifty over cricket is eight per\u00a0bowler. The usual limit is eight overs per over and for fifty-over\u00a0cricket\u00a0a bowler. For fifty overs cricket, the limit is ten overs per player.  Pro Cricket in the United States restricted bowlers to five overs each, thus leaving a side requiring only four bowlers. There are exceptions: Pro cricket in the U.S. restricted bowlingers to only five overs per over. Pro Cricket restricts bowlers from five overs to four overs each.  Limited over cricket is usually played with white balls rather than the traditional red balls. White balls are used in limited over cricket matches. Fielding restrictions are imposed on limited over Cricket grounds. The ball is usually used to be used to field the ball in limited overs cricket. The traditional red ball is used to play the ball ball.  This was introduced because the team batting second is likely to need to play under floodlights and the white ball is easier to see under these conditions. It was introduced as a precautionary measure to keep batting second batting second from batting second in the World Series. This is the first time a white ball has been used in a Test match in England and Australia.  White balls are supposed to be otherwise identical to traditional white balls. But some cricketers claim that the harder surface causes white balls to swing more. The white balls are meant to be identical to the traditional ones, but some players claim they are harder to play on white ones.  The idea for a one-day, limited 50-over cricket tournament was first played in the inaugural match of the All India Pooja Cricket Tournament in 1951 at Tripunithura in Kochi, Kerala. The tournament was the first of its kind in India and was played in 1951.  It is thought to be the brain child of KV Kelappan Thampuran, a former cricketer and the first Secretary of the Kerala Cricket Association. It is the brainchild of a former Kerala Cricket League Secretary,\u00a0Kelappan\u00a0Thampuran.  The first limited-overs tournament between first-class English teams was the Midlands Knock-Out Cup, which took place in May 1962. The tournament was the first competition between English teams. It was held in the Midlands, England, in the first year of the competition.  The Cup was organised by Mike Turner, secretary of the Leicestershire County Cricket Club. Played with 65-over innings, the cup was played with 65 overs. Played in 65 overs, the Cup was played in a 65 over innings. The cup was held by Leicesterhire County cricket club, Leestershire.  Leicestershire were the only county to compete in the competition. The competition was small, with three other county teams participating in addition to Leicstershire. Three other counties also took part in the event, with Leestershire taking part in a similar competition.  The first full-scale one-day competition between first-class teams was played, the Gillette Cup, won by Sussex. The competition drew commercial television coverage and positive commentary by journalists, who noted the potential to attract sponsors and spectators amid declining attendance levels. The following year, Sussex won the competition, which was played in a knock-out competition.  The number of overs was reduced to 60 for the 1964 season. The ODI number was reduced from 60 overs to 60 overs in the summer of that year. The number overs was cut to 60 at the end of the season. England won their first Test series of the 1964 series.  The John Player Sunday League was started in 1969 with 40-over matches. League one-day cricket also began in England, when the John player Sunday League began in 1969. League ODI also started in England with 40 over matches in 1969, with the first 40 over-40 matches.  Both these competitions have continued every season since inauguration, though the sponsorship has changed. The sponsorship of the competitions has also been changed in the past. Both competitions continue every season, with the sponsorship of both continuing to do so, but the sponsors have changed since the inauguration of the competition.  There is now one 50-over competition, which is called the Royal London One-Day Cup. The Royal London ODI is held in London, England, and is held by the London Cricket Club. There has now been one 50 over competition in the world, with the London One Day Cup being held in 2011.  The first Limited Overs International (LOI) or One-Day International (ODI) match was played between Australia and England in Melbourne on 5 January 1971. The quadrennial cricket World Cup began in 1975, with the first ODI World Cup being held in 1975.  World Series Cricket was a \"rebel\" series set up outside cricketing establishment by Australian entrepreneur Kerry Packer. Many of the \"packaging\" innovations, such as coloured clothing, were as a result of World Series cricket, set up by Packer in Australia.  For more details, see History of cricket. For more information on cricket cricket, visit cricket.com.com/cricket.com for all the latest cricket news. For more cricket news, visit the History of Cricket.com.uk for more details. See www.cycling.com.  Twenty20 is a curtailed form of one-day cricket with 20 overs (120 legal balls) per side. It was first played in England in 2003. Twenty20 cricket was first introduced to England in the 1990s. It has been played in more than 50 countries since 2003.  Several Twenty20 matches have been played between national teams. It has proven very popular, and several Twenty20 games have been held by international teams. The Twenty20 format has proved very popular with international teams in recent years. The format has been very successful, and has been played in international Twenty20 tournaments.  It makes several changes to the usual laws of cricket. It includes the use of a Super Over (one or more additional overs played by each team) to decide the result of tied matches. It also makes use of Super Over to decide result of a tied match. It is the first time the Super Over has been used in cricket.  100-ball cricket (2.5-hour games) will be launched in England in 2021. The new form of one-day cricket will also be introduced in the country. 100 balls per side will be delivered at 100 deliveries per side in two-and-a-half games.  It is designed to further shorten game time and to attract a new audience. It is also designed to reduce the amount of time it takes for a game to be played in a game. It was designed to shorten the game time for the first time and attract a wider audience.  It makes further changes to the usual laws of cricket, such as the involvement of overs that last 5 balls each. It makes more changes to cricket's laws such as overs lasting five balls each being bowled out of five balls. It is the first time a cricket match has been played in a cricket World Series.  There are now also T10 leagues with a format of 10 overs per side (resulting in 90-minute games) There are also also T20 leagues with an additional 10 overs a side. The T10 league format is now also known as 'T10 leagues' with a 10 overs overs format.  The Emirates Cricket Board also launched Ninety\u201390 Bash, an annual franchise-based 90-ball cricket league in the United Arab Emirates. Ninety-90 Bash is an upcoming annual franchise cricket league. The league will be held in the U.S. and is based in the UAE.  One Day International matches are usually played in brightly coloured clothing often in a \"day-night\" format. The first innings of the day occurs in the afternoon and the second occurs under stadium lights. Match is often played in bright coloured clothing and is played in a day-night format.  In the early days of ODI cricket, the number of overs was generally 60 overs per side, and matches were also played with 40, 45 or 55 overs. Now it has been uniformly fixed at 50 overs, but now it is 50 overs for ODI matches.  Cricket World Cup involves all the Test-playing nations and other national sides who qualify through the ICC World Cup Qualifier. Every four years, Cricket World Cups are held in place of Test and ODI cricket teams from around the world. The tournament takes place every four years in a bid to win the World Cup.  It usually consists of round-robin stages, followed by semi-finals and a final. Usually consists of semi-final stages, then final stages. The final is played in a final held in the final of the Euro 2008 tournament. It is the first time the tournament has been held in a major tournament in a professional league.  The International Cricket Council (ICC) determines the venue far in advance. The ICC decides the venue for the World Cup in Sri Lanka. The World Cup is the first one to be decided by the ICC in terms of the country's cricket team. The tournament is currently being played in South Africa and Australia.  ICC Champions Trophy involves all the Test-playing nations, and is held between World Cups. The tournament takes place between the World Cup and the summer of 2014. The ICC Champions trophy is a one-off competition between Test and ODI cricket teams from around the world.  It usually consists of a round-robin group stage, semifinals, and a final. The final round of the tournament is played in a final or a semi-final. It is usually followed by a group stage with a final and a group phase with a round robin group stage.  Each Test-playing country often hosts triangular tournaments, between the host nation and two touring sides. Triangular tournaments often take place between the hosts and the touring sides of each country. Each country has a history of hosting triangular tournaments between their Test teams and their tour sides.  There is usually a round-robin group, and then the leading two teams play each other in a final, or sometimes a best-of-three final. The top two teams then play in the final, which is usually best of three, or a final.  When there is only one touring side, there is still often a best-of-five or best of-seven series of limited overs matches. There is still a best of five or seven series in limited overs cricket when there is no one touring team in the country. The series is often best of a five-match series or seven.  The ICC World Cricket League is an ODI competition for national teams with Associate or Affiliate status. The competition is a competition for international teams with associate or affiliate status. ICC World ODI is a one-day international cricket competition for the most teams in the world.  List A cricket is a classification of the limited-overs (one-day) form of the sport of cricket. List A status is the classification of limited-over cricket. It is a one-day cricket classification of cricket's limited over-the-verse cricket.  List A cricket is the domestic level of one-day cricket below One Day Internationals. Domestic first-class cricket is level below Test match cricket. List A is the level below international Test match cricketer cricket. Domestic ODI cricket is also the level of domestic one day cricket.  Twenty20 matches do not qualify for the present. Twenty20 games have been played in the Premier League. Twenty-20 matches were played in England's most recent series of matches. Twenty-five matches have been shown below the line-up to qualify for this year's World Cup.  Most cricketing nations have some form of domestic List A competition. List A is a one-in-a-one competition in cricketing countries. Cricketing nations also have some domestic cricketing competitions in List A competitions. Cricket Australia is one of the most successful countries in the world to play Test cricket.  The number of overs in List A cricket cricket ranges from forty to sixty overs per side. List A matches are played in a variety of cricket events. The number overs in a List A match ranges from 40 to 60 overs per team. The overs are used in a number of matches in a one-day match.  The Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians created this category for the purpose of providing an equivalent to first-class cricket. The category was created to allow the generation of career records and statistics for comparable one-day matches. It was created in order to provide an equivalent of first class cricket.  Only the more important one-day competitions in each country, plus matches against a touring Test team, are included. Only the most important one day competitions are included in the list. Only matches against the touring Test teams are included on the list of matches against each country's major international teams.  The categorisation of cricket matches as \"List A\" was not officially endorsed by the International Cricket Council until 2006. The ICC announced that it and its member associations would be determining this classification in a manner similar to that done for first class matches. Domestic one-day competitions exist in almost every country where cricket is played.  The table below lists the limited overs tournaments that take place in each full member nation. The table also lists the countries that take part in the tournaments that play in each country's limited overs tournament. Each country has a full ODI team that plays in limited overs events.  Surrey set the world record for the highest innings total in any List A limited overs match. The world record is 496 for 4 by Surrey against Gloucestershire in their Friends Provident Trophy 50-overs match at the Oval, London on 29 April 2007. Surrey's 496-4 is the highest ODI record for a List A match.  That surpassed the 443 for nine by Sri Lanka against the Netherlands in their One Day International 50-overs match at Amstelveen on 4 July 2006, which was the record ODI score at the time. Sri Lanka set the record by scoring 443 for 9 in their ODI 50 overs match in 2006.  England set a new international record totalling 481 for 6 against Australia at Trent Bridge on 19 June 2018. England set the new record with a total of 481-6 against Australia. England also set a record for the first time in a Test against Australia on June 19, 2018.  The lowest ever total is 23 by Yorkshire against Middlesex at Headingley in 1974 in a 40-overs match. Yorkshire's lowest ever ever total was 23 by Middlesex in 1974. Yorkshire have never scored more than 23 in 40 overs in 40-over match.  Zimbabwe managed just 35 against Sri Lanka in April 2004. The record low score in ODIs was set by Zimbabwe in 2004. Sri Lanka scored 35 against Zimbabwe in their first match in 2004 in Harare. Zimbabwe set the record for the lowest score in ODI cricket in the world.  The most runs scored by both sides in any List A limited overs match is 872: Australia, batting first, scored 434 for four in 50 overs. South Africa scored 438 for nine with a ball to spare during their One Day International at Johannesburg in 20 overs. ",
  "72": " Solar-cell efficiency refers to the portion of energy in the form of sunlight that can be converted via photovoltaics into electricity by the solar cell. Solar cell efficiency is a measure of the amount of energy converted to electricity by solar cells. Solar cells can produce electricity by converting sunlight into electricity.  The efficiency of the solar cells used in a photovoltaic system determines the annual energy output of the system. Temperature, latitude and climate are factors in determining the annual output of a solar power system, such as the efficiency of solar cells. A solar cell system can be used to generate energy from solar power systems in the United States.  A solar panel with 20% efficiency and an area of 1 m2 will produce 200 kWh/yr at Standard Test Conditions if exposed to the Standard Test Condition solar irradiance value of 1000 W/m2 for 2.74 hours a day. For example, a solar panel capable of producing 200\u00a0kph/yr.  Usually solar panels are exposed to sunlight for longer than this in a given day. But the solar irradiance is less than 1000 W/m2 for most of the day. The solar panels have been exposed to the sun less than this during the day, but they are not exposed to much of the sun.  A solar panel can produce more when the sun is high in the sky and will produce less in cloudy conditions. Usually the solar panel is lower in the sun in the winter and produces less when it is low in the middle of the day. The solar panels can also produce more in cloudy weather or when sun is low.  Two location dependant factors that affect solar PV yield are the dispersion and intensity of solar radiation. The dispersion of the solar radiation can affect the yield of solar solar photibasors. Two locations depend on the amount of solar energy used to produce solar panels.  These two variables can vary greatly between each country's nationalities. Each country's population has different nationalities depending on how much of each country is affected by these variables. These variables vary greatly from the nationalities of each nation's population to the national level of income and wealth.  The global regions that have high radiation levels throughout the year are the middle east, Northern Chile, Australia, China, and Southwestern USA. The middle east has the highest radiation levels in the world. Northern Chile and Australia have the highest levels of radiation in the region.  In a high-yield solar area like central Colorado, a panel can be expected to produce 400 kWh of energy per year. The area receives annual insolation of 2000 kWh/m2/year. A panel can produce 400\u00a0kilos per year in Colorado.  Michigan receives only 1400 kWh/m2/year, but annual energy yield will drop to 280 kWh for the same panel. Michigan gets 1400 kWh per year, but will get 280 kWh/year for same panel for same amount of energy. Michigan is the only state to receive more than 1,000 kWh//year.  At more northerly European latitudes, yields are significantly lower: 175 kWh annual energy yield in southern England under the same conditions. At more northern latitudes the yield is significantly lower than at southern England. At the same latitude, the yield of 175 kWh annually is 175 kWh.  Several factors affect a cell's conversion efficiency, including its reflectance, thermodynamic efficiency, charge carrier separation efficiency and charge carrier collection efficiency. The cell's reflectance is reflected in a cell, and the efficiency of its conversion efficiency is a key factor in its efficiency.  Other parameters, including quantum efficiency, open-circuit voltage (VOC) ratio, are measured instead. These parameters are difficult to measure directly, and other parameters, such as quantum efficiency and VOC ratio, can be measured instead of directly, using other parameters such as\u00a0quantum efficiency. Reflectance losses are accounted for by the quantum efficiency value. They affect \"external quantum efficiency\" as they affect external quantum efficiency. Reflectance losses can be attributed to quantum efficiency values of the value of quantum efficiency in the light of the light source. The value is based on quantum efficiency of quantum light sources.  Recombination losses are accounted for by the quantum efficiency, VOC ratio, and fill factor values. Recombing losses are made up by quantum efficiency and the fill factor value of the quantum energy, fill factor ratio, or fill factor factor. The quantum efficiency of a recombination process is based on quantum efficiency.  Resistive losses are predominantly accounted for by the fill factor value, but also contribute to the quantum efficiency and VOC ratio values. The fill factor is a key factor in determining the content of the material and the amount of resistive losses in the material. The losses are mainly made up by the filling factor value and the VOC value.  As of 2022, the world record for solar cell efficiency is 47.1%, set in 2019 by multi-junction concentrator solar cells developed at National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), Golden, Colorado, USA, USA. Multi-joint concentrator cells are developed at NREL.  This record was set in lab conditions, under extremely concentrated light. This record is set in laboratory conditions, and was set under very concentrated light. It is the first time a record has been set in a lab. The world record for the highest light-wave is set under intense intense light conditions.  The record in real-world conditions is also held by NREL, who developed triple junction cells with a tested efficiency of 39.5%. NREL's triple junction cell cells have a 40% efficiency in real world conditions. The cells are also known to be more efficient in the real world.  The factors affecting energy conversion efficiency were expounded in a landmark paper by William Shockley and Hans Queisser in 1961. They expounded their ideas in a seminal paper published in 1961 in which they expounded the factors affecting the efficiency of energy\u00a0conversion\u00a0efficiency.  See Shockley\u2013Queisser limit for more detail.See Shockley-Queissers limit for the limit of Shockley and Queisser limits. See shockley-Qisser Limit at the bottom of this article for more details. Use this article to help users understand more about the limits of the limit.  If one has a source of heat at temperature Ts and cooler heat sink at temperature Tc, the maximum theoretically possible value for the ratio of work (or electric power) obtained to heat supplied is 1-Tc/Ts, given by a Carnot heat engine.  If we take 6000 K for the temperature of the sun and 300 K for ambient conditions on earth, this comes to 95%. This is based on the fact that the sun is warmer than the surface surface of the Earth. If you take the sun's temperature to 6000 K, this is 95% of the solar surface temperature.  Alexis de Vos and Herman Pauwels showed that this is achievable with a stack of an infinite number of cells with band gaps ranging from infinity (the first cells encountered by the incoming photons) to zero, with a voltage in each cell very close to the open-circuit voltage, equal to 95% of the band gap of that cell, and with 6000 K blackbody radiation coming from all directions.  The electric power is 95% of the net amount of light absorbed - the stack emits radiation as it has non-zero temperature. This radiation has to be subtracted from the incoming radiation when calculating the amount of heat being transferred and the efficiency. However, the 95% efficiency thereby achieved means that the electric power.  They considered the more relevant problem of maximizing the power output for a stack being illuminated from all directions by 6000 K blackbody radiation. They also considered the other relevant problem, maximizing the output of a stack. The stack is illuminated by 6K black body radiation, which can be seen in all directions from all sides.  In this case, voltages must be lowered to less than 95% of the band gap. The voltages are lowered to below 95%. The voltage is not constant over all the cells of the cells, so the voltage must be lower over all cell cells. In the case, the voltages need to be lower to 95%\u00a0of band gap gap.  The maximum theoretical efficiency calculated is 86.8% for a stack of an infinite number of cells, using the incoming concentrated sunlight radiation. The theoretical efficiency of the stack of cells can be calculated at an efficiency rate of 86.9% for an infinite stack of cell cells.  When the incoming radiation comes only from an area of the sky the size of the sun, the efficiency limit drops to 68.7%. When the radiation comes from a sky the sun the efficiency of the solar radiation is reduced to 68%. The efficiency limit is 68% when the radiation is only from the sun's area.  Normal photovoltaic systems however have only one p\u2013n junction and therefore subject to a lower efficiency limit. This limit is called the \"ultimate efficiency\" by Shockley and Queisser. Normal systems are subject to lower efficiency limits due to one junction junction. Photons with energy below the band gap of the absorber material cannot generate an electron-hole pair, so their energy is not converted to useful output. They only generate heat if absorbed, and only generates heat if they are absorbed. Photons with an energy below band gap can not generate a pair of electrons-holes.  Only a fraction of the energy above the band gap can be converted to useful output. For photons with an energy above band gap energy, only a fraction can be used to produce useful output from photons. For example, photons with a photon with energy higher than band gap could be converted into useful energy.  The excess energy above the band gap is converted to kinetic energy of the carrier combination. When a photon of greater energy is absorbed, the excess energy is converted into kinetic energy. The energy of a carrier combination can be used to capture energy from the carrier of a photon.  The excess kinetic energy is converted to heat through phonon interactions as the kinetic energy of the carriers slows to equilibrium velocity. The heat converts to heat as the carriers slow to reach equilibrium velocity. The heat is then converted to electricity by heating the carriers to heat the heat.  Traditional single-junction cells with an optimal band gap for the solar spectrum have a maximum theoretical efficiency of 33.16%, the Shockley\u2013Queisser limit. Solar cells with multiple band gap absorber materials improve efficiency by dividing the. solar spectrum into smaller bins where the thermodynamic efficiency limit is higher.  When a photon is absorbed by a solar cell it can produce an electron-hole pair. As described above, this is a pair of holes in the solar cells. The hole holes can also be found in solar cells, which can be used to create a hole in the cells.  One of the carriers may reach the p\u2013n junction and contribute to the current produced by the solar cell. Such a carrier is said to be collected by a solar cell, such a carrier can be used to collect the current generated by the cell's solar cells. The carrier is then said to have collected the solar cells' current.  Or, the carriers recombine with no net contribution to cell current. Or, they recombine without a net contribution of cell current. Or, or the carriers are recombined with no contribution to the cell current in cell cells. Or the carriers do not recombine.  Quantum efficiency refers to the percentage of photons that are converted to electric current (i.e., collected carriers) when the cell is operated under short circuit conditions. Quantum efficiency is used to determine the quantum efficiency of a cell's lightbullet beam beam beam when it is operating under shortcircuit conditions.  There are two types of quantum quantum that are usually referred to when talking about solar cells. The quantum quantum is the type of quantum that is used to make solar cells that can be used in solar panels. There are also two types that are used to refer to quantum quantum cells.  External quantum efficiency relates to the external measurable properties of the solar cell. The external quantum efficiency of a solar cell is a measurement of its quantum efficiency. The quantum efficiency is a measure of the cell's quantum properties. The efficiency of an individual solar cell can be measured in terms of its size and efficiency.  \"external\" quantum efficiency of a silicon solar cell includes the effect of optical losses such as transmission and reflection. The \"external quantum efficiency\" of silicon solar cells is the effect on optical losses. The effect of the optical losses is to be seen in silicon cells as they transmit and reflect.  In particular, some measures can be taken to reduce these losses. Measures can be made to reduce the amount of money lost by the loss of investment in the country's economy. In the U.S. it can also be found to help reduce the losses by reducing the losses of investment.  Reflection losses can account for up to 10% of the total incident energy. The reflection losses can be dramatically decreased using a technique called texturization. Texturization is a light trapping method that modifies the average light path. This measurement of the internal quantum efficiency gives a deeper insight into the internal material parameters.  The internal quantum efficiency is mainly used when it comes to the understanding of the potential of a material rather than a device. Quantum efficiency is most usefully expressed as a spectral measurement (that is, as a function of photon wavelength or energy) The efficiency of a quantum material is most commonly used in understanding the potential potential of that material.  spectral measurements of quantum efficiency can yield valuable information about the quality of the semiconductor bulk and surfaces. Since some wavelengths are absorbed more effectively than others, some wavelengths of light are absorbed better than others. This information can be used to assess the quality and efficiency of semiconductor materials.  Quantum efficiency is not the same as overall energy conversion efficiency, as it does not convey information about the fraction of power that is converted by the solar cell. However, the quantum efficiency of the solar cells is not as high as the overall efficiency of overall conversion efficiency. The quantum efficiency does not indicate how much power a solar cell is converted.  A solar cell may operate over a wide range of voltages (V) and currents (I) Solar cells can operate at a range from voltages to currents. Solar cells may operate at maximum power points (V), maximum power point (I), maximum current (V/I)  By increasing the resistive load on an irradiated cell continuously from zero (a short circuit) to a very high value (an open circuit) one can determine the maximum power point, the point that maximizes V\u00d7I. That is the load for which the cell can deliver maximum electrical power at that level of irradiation. (The output power is zero in both the short circuit and open circuit extremes) The output power of the short-circuit can be zero in the open circuit and short circuit extremes. This is the result of a short circuit with zero output power. The short circuit has zero power in both short circuits and short circuits with zero power.  The maximum power point of a solar cell is affected by its temperature. A solar cell can be used to make solar cells more efficient and more efficient. Its power point can be affected by the temperature of its solar cells. Solar cells can also be used in solar cells to make more efficient use of solar power.  Knowing the technical data of certain solar cell, its power output at a certain temperature can be obtained by    The actual temperature of the solar cell is the actual temperature the cell is at. The power output is the power generated at the standard testing condition;  the power. The solar cell\u2019s power is the result of the temperature of a solar cell at certain temperature.  A high quality, monocrystalline silicon solar cell, at 25 \u00b0C cell temperature, may produce 0.60 V open-circuit (VOC) A high-quality monocrystaline solar cell can be used to make a low-costed solar cell.  The cell temperature in full sunlight, even with 25 \u00b0C air temperature, will probably be close to 45 \u00b0C, reducing the open-circuit voltage to 0.55 V per cell. Even with 25\u00b0C air temperatures, the cell temperature is likely to be closer to 45\u00b0C.  The voltage drops modestly, with this type of voltage dropping modestly. The voltage dropped modestly with this kind of of voltage, with the type of type of electrical device. The type of device is designed to reduce the voltage of light bulbs in a wide range of wavelengths. ",
  "73": " Power is the social production of an effect that determines the capacities, actions, beliefs, or conduct of actors. In social science and politics, power is social production that determines an effect on an individual's capacity, actions or beliefs. Power is produced by the production of the effect of a person acting in a way that determines a person's power.  Power does not exclusively refer to the threat or use of force (coercion) by one actor against another, but may also be exerted through diffuse means (such as institutions) Power may also refer to diffuse means, such as institutions. Power is not exclusively used exclusively to threaten or coerce an individual against another.  Power orders actors in relation to one another, such as a master and enslaved person, a householder and their relatives, an employer and their employees, a parent and a child, a political representative and their voters, etc. Power may also take structural forms, as it orders actors to one other.  The term authority is often used for power that is perceived as legitimate or socially approved by the social structure. Discourse and discursive forms may lend legitimacy to some behaviors and groups over others, as categories and language lend legitimacy over others. Authority is used in social structures such as social structures and social norms.  Power can be seen as evil or unjust; however, it can also be good and as something inherited or given for exercising humanistic objectives that will help, move, and empower others as well. Power is inherited and given to exercise humanistic goals that can help others, as well as others.  Scholars have distinguished the differences between soft power and hard power. Hard power is the most powerful weapon in the world, and soft power is hard power is soft power. \"Hard power\" is a form of soft power that is hard, not soft power, hard power, according to scholars.  Social psychologists John R. P. French and Bertram Raven developed a schema of sources of power by which to analyse how power plays work (or fail to work) in a specific relationship. Theories include five bases of power, five bases, five sources and five bases.  According to French and Raven, power must be distinguished from influence in the following way: power is that state of affairs that holds in a given relationship, A-B, such that a given influence attempt by A over B makes A's desired change in B more likely.  Power is fundamentally relative; it depends on the specific understandings A and B each apply to their relationship. It requires B's recognition of a quality in A that would motivate B to change in the way A intends. Power requires B to recognize A's quality in a way A would motivate A to change.  A must draw on the 'base' or combination of power appropriate to the relationship to effect the desired outcome. A must use a combination of bases of power to effect a desired outcome. A must also use a base of power in order to achieve the desired desired outcome of the relationship.  Drawing on the wrong power base can have unintended effects, including a reduction in A's own power. Drawing A's power base may have a negative effect on the relationship with the company itself. Drawing on the right power base will have an impact on the company's own own power base.  French and Raven argue that there are five significant categories of such qualities, while not excluding other minor categories. The authors argue that such qualities should be included in categories such as the most significant qualities of a person who is highly intelligent and highly successful in the United States. They also argue that the qualities of an individual who is successful should be judged to be the most successful person in society.  Further bases have since been adduced by Gareth Morgan in his 1986 book, Images of Organization. Gareth Morgan's 1986 book was published in the same year as Gareth Morgan, in which he wrote a book on Organization. Images of Organization was published on November 1, 1986.  Legitimate power is the power of an individual because of the relative position and duties of the holder of the position within an organization. Also called \"positional power\", legitimate power is a position within the position of a person to hold a position in an organization that is legitimate power.  Legitimate power is formal authority delegated to the holder of the position. Legitimate powers are formal authority delegating authority to the person who holds the post.Legitimate power can be used to delegate authority in order to achieve legitimate power. Legitimately power is a formal formal position of authority delegated by the holder.  It is usually accompanied by various attributes of power, such as a uniform, a title, or an imposing physical office. A uniform, title or physical office is often accompanied by an intimidating physical office or uniform. It is also accompanied by a title or uniform, or a physical title.  In simple terms, power can be expressed as being upward or downward. Power is expressed in terms of the movement of power in the direction of a person. Power can be said to be upward or downwards, or upward, depending on a person's position. Power may be expressed in the shape of the person's power.  With downward power, a company's superiors influence subordinates to attain organizational goals. The power of downward power can be seen in the workplace as a result of the power of a company. The company's managers influence subordinates in order to achieve organizational goals, according to the study.  When a company exhibits upward power, subordinates influence the decisions of their leader or leaders. Subsidies influence decisions of leaders or leaders in a company exhibiting upward power. Underdogs influence their leaders' decisions in order to influence their decisions, such as those of their subordinates.  Referent power is the power or ability of individuals to attract others and build loyalty. The power of a person to attract other people is to attract loyalty and attract others to a loyalty state. Referent Power is a form of power that attracts others and builds loyalty. It is a sign of loyalty for loyalty and loyalty in loyalty.  It is based on the charisma and interpersonal skills of the powerholder. The powerholder is considered to be the most powerful person in the world. It's based on charisma and personal skills of a powerholder, according to the power holder. It is also based on a person's interpersonal skills, such as interpersonal skills.  A person may be admired because of a specific personal trait, and this admiration creates the opportunity for interpersonal influence. A person's admiration creates an opportunity to influence others in a positive way. The admiration of a person can be used to influence other people in the social world.  Here, the person under power desires to identify with these personal qualities and gains satisfaction from being an accepted follower. The person is under power in order to be accepted as a follower of the people under power. Here, they gain satisfaction from identifying with these qualities and being accepted by followers.  Nationalism and patriotism count towards an intangible sort of referent power. Nationalism is a form of power that can be traced back to a nation's history. Nationalisms and patriotism have an intangible, intangible, but not an intangible power, it can be attributed to nationalisms and nationalisms.  For example, soldiers fight in wars to defend the honor of the country. Soldiers fight in war to defend their country. Soldiers fight to defend honor of their nation. Soldiers defend honor. Soldiers protect honor of honor. Soldier defends honor of country. Soldier's honor is honor of nation.  This is the second-least obvious power but the most effective. The most effective is the ability to communicate with the user via text message. This is a good example of the power of this type of message. It is the most obvious power in the world, but it is not obvious what it means.  Advertisers have long used the referent power of sports figures for product endorsements. Sports figures have long been used in product endorsements, for example, by advertisers. The sports world has seen a rise in the sport's popularity in recent years, with the rise of sports stars.  The charismatic appeal of the sports star supposedly leads to an acceptance of the endorsement. However, the individual may have little real credibility outside the sports arena. The individual may also have little credibility outside of the sport arena. It is hoped that the endorsement of a sports star will lead to an endorsement of an endorsement.  Someone who is likable yet lacks integrity and honesty rises to power. Abuse is possible when someone who lacks integrity is in a position to gain personal advantage at the cost of the group's position. Abuse can be possible when a likable person is in power to gain advantage.  Referent power is unstable alone and not enough for a leader who wants longevity and respect.Referent power alone is not enough to be a leader, says the author of the book. It is not only enough for the leader to be respected, but it is essential for his leadership to have longevity.  When combined with other sources of power, it can help a person achieve great success. It can also be used to help others achieve success in the world of power. The power of the power of a person can be found in a variety of ways, such as using a combination of power sources.  Expert power is an individual's power deriving from the skills or expertise of the person and the organization's needs for those skills and expertise. Expert power is a person with an organization's need for the person's skills and the person with those skills. The power of an expert is defined as an individual with an individual who has the power to influence an organization.  This type of power is usually highly specific and limited to the particular area in which the expert is trained and qualified. Unlike the others, it is usually limited to specific areas in which experts are trained. Unlike other experts, experts are able to use their expertise in specific areas of expertise.  People tend to listen to them when they have knowledge and skills that enable them to understand a situation, suggest solutions, use solid judgment, and generally outperform others. When they have these skills, they will be listened to by people around the world, they are more likely to outperform them.  When individuals demonstrate expertise, people tend to trust them and respect what they say. People tend to be more trusting of individuals who demonstrate expertise. When people demonstrate expertise they tend to respect their words, they respect their authority, she says. She says people respect their expertise and respect their opinions.  As subject-matter experts, their ideas will have more value, and others will look to them for leadership in that area. As subject matter experts, they will be able to offer more value than just their ideas, experts say. As a subject matter expert, they can be leaders in the field of subject matter, experts will be more influential.  Reward power depends on the ability of the power wielder to confer valued material rewards. It refers to the degree to which the individual can give others a reward of some kind, such as benefits, time off, desired gifts, promotions, or increases in pay or responsibility.  This power is obvious, but it is also ineffective if abused if abused. The power of this power can be used in the future, but is ineffective if used badly. This power can also be used to make the world's most powerful, powerful, and ineffective, say experts.  People who abuse reward power can become pushy or be reprimanded for being too forthcoming or'moving things too quickly' people who abuse rewards power can be pushy, according to the study. The study was commissioned by the University of Cambridge to look into how to deal with reward power.  If others expect to be rewarded for doing what someone wants, there is a high probability that they will do it. If someone wants to do what they want, they will likely do it, says the author of the book. If you want to reward people who do what you want, you will be rewarded, says author.  The problem with this basis of power is that the rewarder may not have as much control over rewards as may be required. The problem is that this may lead to less control of rewards being given to rewarders as much as possible. The rewarder's control may not be able to control rewards in the way of rewards.  Supervisors rarely have complete control over salary increases, and managers often cannot control all actions in isolation. Even a company CEO needs permission from the board of directors for some actions. Supervisors often have to rely on their supervisors to make decisions on salary increases. Even company CEOs need permission from board members for some decisions.  When an individual uses up available rewards or the rewards do not have enough perceived value for others, their power weakens. An individual's power can be reduced when they use up rewards or not enough rewards for others' value for them. The rewards are more valuable to individuals than they are used to receive rewards.  One of the frustrations of using rewards is that they often need to be bigger each time if they are to have the same motivational impact. Reward rewards often have to be larger each time to have an impact on the motivational impact of a reward. The rewards need to get bigger and bigger to have a motivational impact on a person's life.  Even then, if rewards are given frequently, people can become so satiated by the reward it loses effectiveness. People can be satiated so quickly that rewards can be lost effectiveness, experts say. Reward rewards can also be lost if reward is given too often, they say.  In terms of cancel culture, the mass ostracization used to reconcile injustice and abuse of power is an \"upward power\" in the U.S. cancel culture is a form of \"cancell culture\" in which people are ostracized for being complicit in injustice.  Policies for policing the internet against these processes as a pathway for creating due process for handling conflicts, abuses, and harm that is done through established processes are known as \"downward power\" \"Downward power,\" is the term used to refer to \"downwards power\"  Coercive power is the application of negative influences. It is applied to people who have a negative effect on their power. It also applies to those who have negative influences in order to have a positive effect on them. Coercives power is application of a negative influence on a person's power.  It includes the ability to defer or withhold other rewards. It also includes the option of defering or withholding other rewards for a reward. It is not the first time this has happened in the U.S. Congress has passed a bill of up to $1.5 billion in funding.  The desire for valued rewards or the fear of having them withheld can ensure the obedience of those under power. The fear of being withheld can also ensure the loyalty of those in power, according to the author of the book, \"The Power of the State\" The author says that the desire to be rewarded or to be withheld rewards can ensure obedience.  Coercive power tends to be the most obvious but least effective form of power. It builds resentment and resistance from the people who experience it, says the author of the book \"Coercive Power\" The author says it is a form of authoritarian power that builds resentment from people.  Threats and punishment are common tools of coercion. Threats, punishment and threats are often used to coerce children into sexual violence. Children are often victims of sexual violence, according to experts in the U.S. State Department of Education. The U.N. agency says it is investigating the case of sexual abuse and sexual assault.  Implying or threatening that someone will be fired, demoted, denied privileges, or given undesirable assignments \u2013 these are characteristics of using coercive power. Implyying or threatening to fire, demote or demote someone is a form of coercive power is a sign of coercion.  Extensive use of coercive power is rarely appropriate in an organizational setting. relying on these forms of power alone will result in a very cold, impoverished style of leadership. Extensive coercive power will not be appropriate in organizational settings, says John Defterios. He says relying on coercive power alone leads to a cold and impoverished leadership style.  This is a type of power commonly seen in the fashion industry by coupling with legitimate power. It is referred to in the industry-specific literature as \"glamorization of structural domination and exploitation\" The fashion industry is known as the fashion world's most successful fashion industry.  According to Laura K. Guerrero and Peter A. Andersen in Close Encounters: Communication in Relationships: Power as a perception. Power is a perception in the sense that some people have objective power but still have trouble influencing others. Some people are more powerful than others.  People who use power cues and act powerfully and proactively tend to be perceived as powerful by others. People who are perceived to be powerful are perceived as more powerful than those who act proactively. People with power cues are perceived by others as powerful, according to CNN.com/Heroes.  Some people become influential even though they don't overtly use powerful behavior. Some people are influential even if they aren't overtly using powerful behavior, they are influential enough to be influential. Some of the most influential people in the world become influential when they are not overtly using their behavior.  Power as a relational concept: Power exists in relationships. Power exists as a result of relationships. Power is a form of power in relationships, and it's a formative part of power itself. Power is the product of relationships, not just power itself, it is a relationship.  The issue here is often how much relative power a person has in comparison to one's partner. The issue is often about relative power of a person in a relationship with a partner. In the case, the issue is how much power a woman has in her relationship with her partner.  Partners in close and satisfying relationships often influence each other at different times in various arenas. Partners in close relationships influence other aspects of their lives in various ways. Relationships can be defined by their closeness and closeness of the person involved in the relationship. For more information on relationships in the U.S. visit http://www.dailymailonline.com/newsquiz.  Power as resource-based: Power usually represents a struggle over resources. Power as a struggle for resources: Power is a struggle to control the resources of the country. Power is often a struggle against resources, as well as against the will of the people, say the U.S.  The more scarce and valued resources are, the more intense and protracted the power struggles. The more valuable and valuable resources are scarce, power struggles are likely to be intensified and protracted. The most valuable resources in the world are scarce and valuable, and the more scarce they are, say experts.  The scarcity hypothesis indicates that people have the most power when resources are hard to come by or are in high demand. People have the greatest power when they possess resources they possess are scarce or hard to obtain, says the scarcity hypothesis. People are more powerful when they have resources hard to get, say experts.  scarce resources lead to power only if they are valued within a relationship. scarce resources can only be valued in the relationship of a partner. But scarce resources are valuable only if valued in a relationship, experts say. For more information, visit www.democracy.org.uk.  The principle of least interest and dependence power: The person with less to lose has greater power in the relationship. The principle is the person with the least interest or less power in a relationship. People with the less interest and less power have greater power than those with less interest in relationships.  Those who are dependent on their relationship or partner are less powerful, especially if they know their partner is uncommitted and might leave them. Dependence power indicates that those who are not dependently depend on their partner may be less powerful. Those who know partner is not committed to them are less likely to be dependent on them.  According to interdependence theory, quality of alternatives refers to the types of relationships and opportunities people could have if they were not in their current relationship. The quality of alternative relationships is based on the quality of the relationships people can have if not in the relationship they currently have.  The principle of least interest suggests that if a difference exists in the intensity of positive feelings between partners, the partner who feels the most positive is at a power disadvantage. The partner who is feeling the most positively is in power at a disadvantage to be at a higher position.  There's an inverse relationship between interest in a relationship and the degree of relational power. There's a greater interest in interest in relationships than the amount of power it has in the relationship. There is no power in relationships, according to the author of the book, which is published in New York City.  Power as enabling or disabling: Power can be enabled or disabled. Power can also be enabled by disabling or disabling. Power as enables or disabling is enabled by clicking on a button to activate or disabling a button. The button is a button that can be activated by clicking to activate.  Research has shown that people are more likely to have an enduring influence on others when they engage in dominant behavior that reflects social skill rather than intimidation. People who engage dominant behavior reflect social skill, not intimidation, can have enduring influence over others, research has shown. Social skill is more important than intimidation, according to research.  Personal power is protective against pressure and excutive power. Personal power can be used to help people cope with stress, anxiety, stress, stress and anxiety. Personal power will be used in the end of the day to protect your own life, your family, your friends, your business, your life and your life. ",
  "74": " The first table charts the age of each president of the United States at the time of presidential inauguration (first inauguration if elected to multiple and consecutive terms), upon leaving office, and at the. time of death, the first table charts each president's age from the time he was elected to office.  Where the president is still living, their lifespan and post-presidency timespan are calculated up to December 6, 2023. The president's lifespan is based on the lifespan of the president and his post-presidential timespan. The lifespan is calculated as long as the president remains in office.  Median age at inauguration of incoming U.S. presidents is 55 years old. Median age of incoming presidents at inauguration is 55. The median age of presidents in the United States is 55, according to CNN.com/Heroes of the New York Times.com.com.  The specific years and days median is 55 years and 104.5 days, which falls midway between how old Warren G. Harding was in 1921 and Lyndon B. Johnson was in 1963. The median age of 55 and 104 days is 55.5 years and 55 days.  Article Two of the United States Constitution provides that U.S. presidents must be at least 35 years old at the time of taking office. Article Two states that presidents are 35 years older than they are at the start of their presidency. The Constitution requires presidents to be at a minimum age of 35 at the beginning of his presidency.  The youngest person to become U.S. president was Theodore Roosevelt, 42, who, at age 42, succeeded to the office after the assassination of William McKinley. Roosevelt succeeded in the presidency after McKinley's assassination at the age of 42. Roosevelt was the first president of the United States since McKinley was assassinated in 1896.  The youngest at the time of his election to the office was John F. Kennedy, at age 43. The youngest ever to be elected to the presidency was JFK's 43rd birthday. Kennedy was 43 when he was elected to office at age of 43 years old in 1961.  The oldest person elected president was Joe Biden, the nation's current president, at age 77. Joe Biden is the current president of the United States, currently at 77. Biden is Joe Biden's first vice president, a Democrat, who is 77 years old. Biden was the first person elected to be president in the U.S.  Biden celebrated a birthday between Election Day and Inauguration Day making him 78 when sworn into office. John F. Kennedy was the youngest president at the end of his tenure, and his lifespan was the shortest of any president. Biden celebrated his 78th birthday between election Day and inauguration Day.  Theodore Roosevelt was the youngest person to become a former president. Roosevelt was 50 at the time of his death. At 50, he was the first person to be a former President of the U.S. Theodore Roosevelt died at the age of 50. Roosevelt is the youngest former president of the United States.  The oldest president at the end of his tenure was Ronald Reagan at 77; this distinction will eventually fall upon Joe Biden, who is currently 81. Ronald Reagan was 77 at the time of his presidency. Joe Biden will be the oldest president to be at the age of 81.  Polk died 3 months after leaving office at age 53 (the youngest president to die of natural causes) Polk had the shortest retirement of any president. Polk was the youngest president ever to have died from natural causes. Polk died in February 18, 1918. Polk's retirement was the shortest of all presidents to have left office.  Jimmy Carter's retirement, now 42 years, is the longest in American presidential history. Jimmy Carter retired from the presidency 42 years ago. Jimmy's retirement is now the longest ever in American history. Carter: \"I'm not going to be president again, but I'm going to step down\"  At age 99, Carter is both the oldest of the six living U.S. presidents, and the nation's longest-lived president. Carter is also the longest-living president and the oldest living president in the country. At 99, he is the oldest president of the United States and the longest living president.  Barack Obama, at age 62, is the youngest living president of the world. At 62, he is the oldest living president in the country. Barack Obama is the first president to hold office in office in Washington, D.C., since 2009. Obama has been in office since 2009, when he was in office.  This is a graphical lifespan timeline of the presidents of the United States. The timeline is based on age-related data. It is also a graphical timeline of each president's lifespan. The U.S. presidents have been the longest-lived presidents in the history of the country.  Grover Cleveland listed in the order of his first presidency. They are listed in order of office, with Grover being listed as the president of the United States. Cleveland's first presidency was held in office in the early 1900s. Cleveland was the first president to hold office in office.  The following chart shows presidents by their age (living presidents in green) with the years of their presidency in blue. Living presidents are shown in green, living presidents are in green. The years of presidents' presidency are also shown in blue, with their age in green and the years they were in office.  The vertical blue line at 35 years indicates the minimum age to be president. The horizontal blue line indicates a minimum age of 35 years for a presidential candidate. The vertical line indicates the age of a president should be 35 years old. The minimum age is 35 years to be a president.  Frank Freidel and Hugh S. Sidey, \"The Presidents of the United States\", \"The President of the U.S. United States\" Sidey and Freidel wrote a book on the presidents of the US. Sidey's book is called \"Presidential History of America\"  The White House has been in touch with the White House since 2009. President Barack Obama is expected to make a speech at the end of the year. Obama's administration has been criticized for the lack of transparency in the administration. Obama has been accused of being too secretive about the administration of foreign policy.  Robert S. Summers, \"POTUS: Presidents of the United States\", is published by Robert Summers. Summers' book, \"Presidential Historian\" is published on the subject of President Obama and other presidents of the U.S. Summers' first book on presidential presidents.  Internet Public Library.com is a public library. Please submit your photos to the gallery for a new gallery. Visit http://www.internetpubliclibrary.com/pictures-video-of-the-pictures.com. Visit the gallery below for more photos and videos. ",
  "75": " Most presidents of the U.S. received a college education, even most of the earliest. Most presidents have been educated by a college degree. Most of the presidents were educated by college degrees, including those of the early 1900s. President George W. Bush was the first president to be elected to college in the United States.  Of the first seven presidents, five were college graduates. Five of the first 7 presidents were college grads. The first seven were college presidents. Five of them were college students. The first was a college graduate, the second was a graduate of high school in the United States.  College degrees have set the presidents apart from the general population, and presidents have held degrees even though it was quite rare and unnecessary for practicing most occupations, including law. College degrees are unnecessary for most jobs, such as law, law law, but not for most occupations.  Of the 45 individuals to have been the president, 25 of them graduated from a private undergraduate college, nine graduated from public undergraduate college. 12 held no degree. 25 of those who have been president have graduated from private undergraduate colleges, nine of them from public undergraduates.  Every president since 1953 has had a bachelor's degree, reflecting the increasing importance of higher education in the United States. Every president in the U.S. has been educated by a bachelor or higher education degree. The United States is the most important country in the world to have a president.  George Washington received a surveyor's certificate from the College of William & Mary. Washington's father's death ended his formal schooling, but he did not graduate from college. George Washington was the first president of the nation to hold a degree from a college. Washington died in 1841 at the age of 17.  Washington believed strongly in formal education, and his will left money and/or stocks to support three educational institutions, including George Washington University and Washington and Lee University. Some presidents attended more than one institution. President Lincoln had only about a year of formal schooling of any kind.  George Washington never attended college, though The College of William & Mary did issue him a surveyor's certificate. George Washington was not a college student, but he was a land surveyor and surveyor. Washington was the first president of the nation to attend college in Washington, D.C., in 1777.  John Quincy Adams attended Leiden University and Bill Clinton at the University of Oxford. John F. Kennedy intended to study at the London School of Economics, but failed to attend as he fell ill before classes began. Bill Clinton attended Oxford University and Leiden College of Technology.  Three presidents have attended the United States Service academies. Ulysses S. Grant and Dwight D. Eisenhower graduated from the academies at West Point and the Naval Academy at Annapolis, Maryland. Jimmy Carter also attended the academy, where he graduated from Annapolis.  No presidents have graduated from the United States Coast Guard Academy or the much newer U.S. Air Force Academy. The Academy is the oldest academy in the country and is now the most prestigious in the world. No president has graduated from either academy or the Air Force or the Coast Guard.  Eisenhower graduated from the Army Command and General Staff College, Army Industrial College and Army War College. Eisenhower also graduated from Army Command, General Staff and Industrial College colleges. Eisenhower was the first president of the United States to hold a posthumous title of President Eisenhower's Medal of Honor. Eisenhower died at the age of 92 in January 1945.  These were not degree granting institutions when Eisenhower attended, but were part of his professional education as a career soldier. Eisenhower attended these institutions as a professional soldier. The schools he attended were not degrees granting institutions, but part of the military's professional education. Eisenhower was a major success in his career as a soldier.  A total of 20 presidents attended some form of graduate school (including professional schools) 20 presidents have attended graduate school. President George W. Bush attended some of the most prestigious graduate schools in the U.S. history. President Richard Nixon attended some graduate school, including professional schools.  Eleven presidents received a graduate degree during their lifetimes. Two more received graduate degrees posthumously. Two presidents received posthumous graduate degrees during their lives. Two of them were presidents of the U.S. Senate and the White House. President Barack Obama was elected to the Senate in 2008.  Several presidents who were lawyers did not attend law school, but became lawyers after independent study under the tutelage of established attorneys. Business school =.\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0-\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0-\u00a0Business\u00a0schools\u00a0and\u00a0graduate school. Medical school =.-\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0-\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\"Business school\"\u00a0- \u00a0\"Garden school\" - \"Garden School\" -\u00a0\"Medical school\"  Some had attended college before beginning their legal studies. Several had studied law without first having attended college. Others had attended law before starting their studies without first attending college. Some of the lawyers studied law in the U.S. for the first time in their 20s and 30s.  Presidents who were lawyers but did not attend law school include: John Adams; Thomas Jefferson; James Madison; James Monroe; John Quincy Adams; Andrew Jackson; Martin Van Buren; James K. Polk; Millard Fillmore; James Buchanan; Abraham Lincoln; James A. Garfield; Grover Cleveland; Benjamin Harrison; and Calvin Coolidge.  Franklin Pierce, Chester A. Arthur, William McKinley, and Woodrow Wilson were admitted to the bar after a combination of law school and independent study. Franklin Pierce was admitted to bar after law school; Chester Arthur was admitted after studying law at law school. Chester Arthur, Chester Arthur and William McKinsey were admitted after independent study at law schools.  List by graduate degree earned: Ph.D. (research doctorate) M.B.A. (Master of Business Administration) (MBA) (Business Administration) \"Ph.A.\" (Business) \"MBA\" is \"Business Administration\" \"Research Doctorate\" (Ph.D.) \"Business\" is a \"PhD\" with a research doctorate.  John Adams and John Quincy Adams are the only presidents to have master's degrees. George W. Bush is the only president to have earned a master's degree. John Adams was the first president to attain a master of arts degree. The only other president to earn a master degree is John Adams' first.  J.D. J.S. is a Pulitzer Prize-winning author of the book, \"J.D.\" and \"D.E.\u2019s\" award-winning memoirist and author of \u201cJ.S.,\u201d he says. \u201cI\u2019m not afraid to say yes.\u201d J.J. is an author of a book, \u2018D.D.,\u2019,\u2019 and \u2018J.K.\u2018I think I\u2019ll be able to write a book on the subject of a new book. or LL.B. or LL.or LLM.or B.C. or B.M. respectively. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org for details. In the U.S. call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline on 1-800-273-8255.  Hayes, Taft, Nixon, Nixon and Ford were awarded LL.B.(law degree) === ===Note: Hayes and Taft were awarded an LL. B.(Law degree)  === === Note: Hayes was awarded an honorary honorary degree from Yale University. degrees.degrees.degrees of study at the University of Cambridge, Cambridge University in Massachusetts, was awarded a 4.5-4.5.5th grade in the U.S. State Department of Education in 2010. The U.K. President Barack Obama was elected to the Senate of Representatives in 2012.  When most U.S. law schools began to award the J.D. when most law schools started to award it, it was the first time they had done so. When most law school students were awarded a degree, the law degree was required to graduate from law school to become a lawyer.  In the 1960s, previous graduates had the choice of converting their LL.B. to the professional law degree. Previous graduates were able to convert their\u00a0LLB. as the professional\u00a0law degree. In the 1970s, graduates were allowed to convert to the profession of law in order to get a professional degree. degrees to a J.D. degree are required to graduate from J.E. to J.M.degrees. A.J. degree is required for a degree in the United States. A. degree from the University of Columbia University is required in the U.S. State of Columbia.  Duke University Law School made the change in 1968, and Yale Law School in 1971. Duke Law School changed the name of its law school in 1968. Yale made the same change in 1971, and Duke made it in 1968 and Yale in 1971. Duke and Yale law schools have both changed their name of their law schools.  List by president includes prime ministers of Australia by education and Canada by academic degrees. List by education: Prime ministers of Canada, Australia, Canada, Philippines, Canada and the Philippines by education. List by academic degree: Prime Minister of Australia, Prime Ministers of the Philippines, Prime Minaries of Canada and United Kingdom by education. List of prime ministers by education includes Australia's Prime Ministers by education, Canada's Prime Minister by degree. List of countries by education; List of presidents of Philippines by degree: Philippines' presidents by education or education. ",
  "76": " In mathematics and computer science, an algorithm is a finite sequence of rigorous instructions. It is typically used to solve a class of specific problems or to perform a computation. An algorithm is used in mathematics to solve certain problems or perform computations. It can also be used to perform complex computations or to solve specific problems.  Algorithms are used as specifications for performing calculations and data processing. Algorithm is used to perform calculations and processing of data data. It is also used in computer science and computer science. Alucuments are used to create algorithms and create algorithms for scientific data analysis.  Conditionals can use conditionals to divert the code execution through various routes (referred to as automated decision-making) and deduce valid inferences. More advanced algorithms can achieve automation eventually. For example, conditionals can be used to divert code execution from code execution to divert it from execution.  A heuristic is an approach to problem solving that may not be fully specified or may not guarantee correct or optimal results. As an effective method, an algorithm can be expressed within a finite amount of space and time and in a well-defined formal language for calculating a function. Alan Turing used human characteristics as descriptors of machines in metaphorical ways.  Starting from initial state and initial input, instructions describe a computation that proceeds through a finite number of well-defined successive states, eventually producing \"output\" and terminating at a final ending state. When executed, the instructions begin with a state and begin with an initial input (perhaps empty)  The transition from one state to the next is not necessarily deterministic. Some algorithms, known as randomized algorithms, incorporate random input. The transition is not always deterministic; some algorithms, such as randomized algorithm, use random input to make the transition smoother. The algorithm is known as 'random' algorithms.  Since antiquity, step-by-step procedures for solving mathematical problems have been attested. Ancient algorithms have been used to solve mathematical problems for centuries. The algorithm is based on a series of algorithms developed by ancient mathematicians. The algorithms are now being used in computer science and computer science.  This includes Babylonian mathematics (around 2500 BC), Egyptian math (around 1550 BC) and later; e.g. Indian mathematics (about 800 BC and later) Babylonian and Egyptian mathematics were around 2500 BC and around 800 BC. This includes Egyptian and Indian mathematics around 1500 BC.  Shulba Sutras, Kerala School, and Br\u0101hmasphu\u1e6dasiddh\u0101nta, The Ifa Oracle (around 500 BC), Greek mathematics (around 240 BC) Greek mathematics was around 240 BC, e.g. Greek mathematics.  Arabic mathematics (9th century, e.g.sieve of Eratosthenes) and Euclidean algorithm) is a popular topic in 9th century. Arabic mathematics is also a popular subject in the 9th Century, with its roots in mathematics and science. cryptographic algorithms for code-breaking based on frequency analysis (or frequency analysis) are used to crack code-cracking algorithms. For example, the algorithm uses frequency analysis and frequency analysis to crack codes. For more information, visit www.cryptographic.com/code-breaking/algorithm-breaking.  Mu\u1e25ammad ibn M\u016bs\u0101 al-Khw\u0101rizm\u012b wrote the Book of Indian computation in 825. He also wrote a book of arithmetic and a book on addition and subtraction in Indian arithmetic. He used the term algorithm in his work.  Both these texts are lost in the original Arabic at this time. Both texts were written in Arabic at the time of the time. The texts were lost in both of these texts in Arabic and lost in their original Arabic. The original Arabic text is lost in its original Arabic form.  His other book on algebra remains.(However, his other book, on algebra, remains. The other book is still being published in New York City, New York, but he has not published it. He is credited with the discovery of algebraic almsprights.  Latin translations of said al-Khwarizmi texts involving the Hindu\u2013Arabic numeral system and arithmetic appeared in the early 12th century. The texts were translated in Latin by John of Seville and Adelard of Bath. They were translated into Latin.  Alghoarismi or algorismi is the Latinization of Al-Khwarizmi's name. In 1240, Alexander of Villedieu writes a Latin text titled Carmen de Algorismo. The text starts with the phrase Dixit Algoristi (\"Thus spoke Al-khwarizimi\")  It begins with: \"Haec algorismus ars praesens dicitur, in qua / Talibus Indorum fruimur bis quinque figuris\" It is followed by: \"Algorismum ars Praesens Dicitur\"  Algorism is the art by which at present we use those Indian figures, which number two times five.which translates to: \"Algorism\" The art of using the Indian figures is by which we use the number of Indian figures which number 2 times five.  The poem is a few hundred lines long and summarizes the art of calculating with the new styled Indian dice (Tali Indorum), or Hindu numerals. It is written in the form of a series of poems. The poem was written in 18th century and is now published in New York.  Around 1230, the English word algorism is attested and then by Chaucer in 1391. Algorism was first attested in England in 1230. Chaucer first used the word in the Middle Ages in 13th century. The word was first used in English by the poet in the mid-century.  English adopted the French term in the 15th century, under the influence of the Greek word \u00a0arithmos (arithmosis, \"number\"; cf. Greek word \"numbers\") in 15th\u00a0century. English adopted it under influence of Greek word 'numbers', meaning \"number\"  The Latin word was altered to algorithmus (algorithmus) or algorithmus, meaning \"arithmetic\" Algorithmus means arithmetic, or arithmetic, and algorithmus. The word was changed from algorithmus to algorithmumumus, which means \"algorithms\" or arithmetic.  In 1656, in the English dictionary Glossographia, it says: Algorism is the Art or use of Cyphers, or of numbering by Cyphers; skill in accounting. In 1658, it was used in a dictionary for the first time in the history of the algorism.  Augrime ([Latin] algorithmus) is a skil in accounting or numbring. The word \"numbring\" is a word for numbring, a word in accounting, or a word that means \"numerbring\" or \"numbrity\" The word numbring means \"nummer\" in accounting.  In 1658, in the first edition of The New World of English Words, it says: \"Algorithme, (a word compounded of Arabick and Spanish,) the art of reckoning by Cyphers\" The word was used in the 1658 edition of the New World Of English Words.  In 1706, in the sixth edition of The New World of English Words, it says: \"Algorithm, the Art of computing or reckoning by numbers, which contains the five principle Rules of Arithmetick, viz. The five principle rules of Arathmetick\"  Numeration, Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication and Division; to which may be added Extraction of Roots: It is also call'd Logistica Numeralis. It is called Logistico Numerali. It is a form of division and multiplication.  Algorism is the practical Operation in the several Parts of Specious Arithmetick or Algebra. Sometimes it is taken for the Practice of Common Arith Metrication by the ten Numeral Figures. Sometimes the practice is taken by the 10 Numeral figures.  Daniel Fenning contrasts the terms algorism and algorithm as follows: Algorithm signifies the first Principles, and Algorism the practical Part, or knowing how to put the Algorithm in Practice. In 1751, in the Young Algebraist's Companion, Fenning compared the terms to algorithm.  Since at least 1811, the term algorithm is attested to mean a \"step-by-step procedure\" in English. In 1842, in the Dictionary of Science, Literature and Art, it says: \"Algorithm\" signifies the art of computing in reference to some particular subject, or in some particular way\"  A partial formalization of the modern concept of algorithms began with attempts to solve the Entscheidungsproblem (decision problem) posed by David Hilbert in 1928. The modern concept began with an attempt to solve David Hilbert's decision problem, the decision problem. The result was a partial formalized formalization in the form of algorithms.  Later formalizations were framed as attempts to define \"effective calculability\" or \"effective method\" Later formalized formalizations would be framed as an attempt to define effective calculability or an effective method. Later formalisations were framed in terms of \"effective\u00a0calculation\u00a0ability\u00a0or\u00a0method\"  Those formalizations included the G\u00f6del\u2013Herbrand\u2013Kleene recursion functions of 1930, 1934 and 1935. Alan Turing's Turing machines of 1936\u201337 and 1939 were Turing machines. Alonzo Church's lambda calculus of 1936 and Emil Post's Formulation 1 of 1936.  An informal definition is \"a set of rules that precisely defines a sequence of operations\" In general, a program is an algorithm only if it stops eventually, even though infinite loops may sometimes prove desirable. A program is a program that does not perform numeric calculations. A cook-book recipe or bureaucratic procedure may also be an algorithm.  A prototypical example of an algorithm is the Euclidean algorithm. It is used to determine the maximum common divisor of two integers. An example (there are others) is described by the flowchart above and as an example in a later section of this section.  Boolos, Jeffrey & 1974, 1999 offer informal meaning of the word \"algorithm\" in the following quotation: \"No human being can write fast enough, or long enough\" to list all members of an enumerably infinite set by writing out their names, one after another, in some notation.  Humans can give explicit instructions for determining the nth member of the set, for arbitrary finite n. Such instructions are to be given quite explicitly, in which they could be followed by a computing machine, or by a human who is capable of carrying out only elementary operations on symbols.  An \"enumerably infinite set\" is one whose elements can be put into one-to-one correspondence with the integers. An infinite set is a set whose elements are in correspondence with one of its elements. A finite set is an infinite set with an infinite number of elements.  Boolos and Jeffrey are saying that an algorithm implies instructions for a process that \"creates\" output integers from an arbitrary \"input\" integer or integers that, in theory, can be arbitrarily large. The algorithm implies that the algorithm creates an algorithm that creates an arbitrarily large set of output integers.  The concept of algorithm is also used to define the notion of decidability. It is central for explaining how formal systems come into being starting from a small set of axioms and rules. For example, an algorithm can be an algebraic equation such as y = m + n (i.e., two arbitrary variables\" m and n that produce an output y)  In logic, the time that an algorithm requires to complete cannot be measured, as it is not apparently related to the customary physical dimension. In logic an algorithm needs to complete can't be measured as it does not appear to be related to a physical dimension of the time it takes to complete.  From such uncertainties, that characterize ongoing work, stems from the unavailability of a definition of algorithm that suits both concrete (in some sense) and abstract usage of the term. From such uncertainty, there is an unavailability\u00a0of a definition\u00a0of algorithm that fits both concrete\u00a0(concrete (some sense) or abstract usage\u00a0of the term)  Most algorithms are intended to be implemented as computer programs. Algorithms are intended for computer programs to implement. Most algorithms have been written in computer programs, such as computer algorithms. The algorithms are designed to be computer programs rather than algorithms for algorithmically-implementable algorithms.  algorithms are also implemented by other means, such as in a biological neural network or an insect looking for food. Algorithms can be implemented by biological neural networks, electrical circuits, or in mechanical devices such as mechanical devices. Algorithm algorithms are often implemented by a biological network, or an electrical circuit, to implement arithmetic.  Algorithms are essential to the way computers process data. Formalization is a formalization of the data that is processed by algorithms. Algorithm is essential to computers' processing of data and processing it into a form form. Formality is a key part of the algorithms that process data data.  Many computer programs contain algorithms that detail the specific instructions a computer should perform\u2014in a specific order\u2014to carry out a specified task. Algorithms are often used to perform specific tasks, such as calculating employees' paychecks or printing students' report cards, for example.  An algorithm can be considered to be any sequence of operations that can be simulated by a Turing-complete system. The algorithm is considered a form of algorithm that simulates a Turing complete system. Algorithms are considered as an algorithm that can simulate Turing complete systems. Algorithm is considered as part of the Turing complete Turing complete algorithm.  Minsky: \"But we will also maintain, with Turing... that any procedure which could \"naturally\" be called effective, can, in fact, be realized by a (simple) machine\" Savage and Gurevich assert this thesis. Savage and Minsky assert this.  \"Although this may seem extreme, the arguments... in its favor are hard to refute\", says the author of the book \"Hard to refute\" The book is published by the University of Cambridge, England, based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in October 2013. The book was published in the U.S. State Department of Education in 2005.  Turing's informal argument justifies a stronger thesis: every algorithm can be simulated by a Turing machine. Gurevich: \"According to Savage [1987], an algorithm is a co-founder of the Turing machine\" Savage: An algorithm is an algorithm that is a machine that simulates Turing machines. ",
  "77": " Energy storage is the capture of energy produced at one time for use at a later time to reduce imbalances between energy demand and energy production. Energy storage can be used to store energy stored for future use. Storage is a form of storage that can be stored in a large amount of energy.  A device that stores energy stores energy is generally called an accumulator or battery. A battery is a device that accumulates energy and stores it's energy. It is also known as a battery or accumulator. The battery is generally used to store energy and store it's stored in a device.  Energy comes in multiple forms including radiation, chemical, gravitational potential, electrical potential, electricity, elevated temperature, latent heat and kinetic. Energy comes from radiation and chemical, and energy comes from a variety of sources including electricity, energy, heat, and kinetic energy. Energy can be found in a range of ways including radiation and gravitational potential.  Energy storage involves converting energy from forms that are difficult to store to more conveniently or economically storable forms. Energy storage is a form of storage that can be easily stored in a more convenient or economically-economically storable form. Storage is a process of converting energy storage to more convenient and economically stable forms.  Some technologies provide short-term energy storage, while others can endure long-term storage. Some technologies can be used to store energy for a long time, but others can be stored for much longer. Others can store energy by storing energy in the form of storing energy for longer periods of time.  Bulk energy storage is currently dominated by hydroelectric dams. Hydroelectric dams are both conventional as well as pumped power stations. Energy storage is dominated by conventional and pumped hydroelectric power stations in the U.S. Hydroelectricity is a major source of energy storage in the world.  Grid energy storage is a collection of methods used for energy storage on a large scale within an electrical power grid.Grid energy storage can be used to store large amounts of energy storage in large quantities of electricity. The grid energy storage process is a form of storage that can be stored on large scale in a grid.  The rechargeable battery stores chemical energy readily convertible to electricity to operate a mobile phone. Hydroelectric dam stores energy in a reservoir as gravitational potential energy. Ice storage tanks store ice frozen by cheaper energy at night to meet peak daytime demand for cooling. Ice stored in ice storage tanks stores ice frozen at night.  Green hydrogen, from the electrolysis of water, is a more economical means of long-term renewable energy storage in terms of capital expenditures than pumped-storage hydroelectricity or batteries. Green hydrogen is an economical way of storing renewable energy in the U.S. Green hydrogen can be used to store electricity in a large amount of time.  Fossil fuels store ancient energy derived from sunlight by organisms that later died, became buried and over time converted into these fuels. Coal and gasoline store ancient solar energy derived by organisms later died and converted into fossil fuels such as coal and gasoline. Fossils are stored in coal, gasoline, coal and other fossil fuels.  Food is a form of energy stored in chemical form. Food is made by the same process as fossil fuels. Food can be stored in the same way as fossil fuel. It can be used to store energy stored by chemical process. Food made by same process of making fossil fuels, but food is stored by process of storing chemical form of food.  In the 20th century, electrical power was largely generated by burning fossil fuel. The grid was largely powered by fossil fuel in the early 20s and early 30s. Electrical power was generated by electricity generated by fossil fuels in the late 20s, early 1900s, and early 2000s by electricity.  When less power is required, less fuel was burned, less power was burned. When less electricity is required less fuel is burned, more power was used. When more power is needed, less energy was used, less electricity was burned. When less energy is used, more fuel was used to burn.  Mechanical energy storage is the most widely adopted mechanical energy storage method, and has been in use for centuries. Hydropower, a form of energy storage, has been widely adopted in the U.S. It has been used for centuries in the form of hydroelectricity.  Large hydropower dams have been energy storage sites for more than one hundred years. Dams are used to store energy storage in large quantities of water and electricity. Large dams are often used as energy storage facilities for large amounts of electricity. The dams are now being used as a storage facility for large hydroelectricity storage.  Concerns with air pollution, energy imports, and global warming have spawned the growth of renewable energy such as solar and wind power. Solar power is a form of electricity produced by solar panels, wind turbines and solar panels. Solar panels can be used to provide electricity to homes and businesses in the UK.  Wind power may be uncontrolled and may be generating at a time when no additional power is needed. Wind power is uncontrolled and generates at time no more power is required. Wind may be generated at time when it is not needed to generate more power. Winds are uncontrolled and generate at time of no extra power needed.  Solar power varies with cloud cover and is only available during daylight hours. Demand often peaks after sunset (see duck curve) Solar power can be only available in daylight hours, while demand peaks later in the evening. Solar power is available only when it is not in the sun.  Off-grid electrical use was a niche market in the 20th century, but in the 21st century, it has expanded. Interest in storing power from these intermittent sources grows as renewable energy industry generates a larger fraction of overall energy consumption. Off grid electrical use has expanded in the past.  Portable devices are in use all over the world. They include smartphones, tablets, laptops, tablets and smartphones. The devices are available in the U.S. and around the world, with prices starting at $99.99 for the iPhone, iPad, iPad and iPad among others. Solar panels are now common in the rural settings worldwide. Solar panels are increasingly common in rural settings. Solar power is now a popular way to use solar panels in rural areas of the world. The solar panels can be found in many rural areas around the world. Solar panels can also be used in many other areas.  Access to electricity is now a question of economics and financial viability, and not solely on technical aspects. Access to power is now an economic and financial issue, not just a matter of technical aspects, says Dr. Andrew Hammond. The UK's electricity supply is a vital part of the economy, says Mr Hammond.  Electric vehicles are gradually replacing combustion-engine vehicles. Electric cars are gradually becoming more mainstream in the U.S. Electric vehicles will be replaced by electric vehicles in the next few years. The world's first electric vehicle production system is set to be developed in the United States.  However, powering long-distance transportation without burning fuel remains in development. The technology could be used to power trains without using fossil fuels. It is not the first time the technology has been developed to power long distance travel without using burning fuel. The project is still in the works of developing a long-term transport system without using fuel.  Energy storage can be stored in water pumped to a higher elevation using pumped storage methods or by moving solid matter to higher locations (gravity batteries) The following list includes a variety of types of energy storage: Mechanical, mechanical and mechanical energy storage methods. Energy storage methods: Mechanical and Mechanical. Gravity batteries: Gravity batteries.  Other commercial mechanical methods include compressing air and flywheels that convert electric energy into internal energy or kinetic energy. Air compressions can be used to compress air and convert electricity into kinetic energy or internal energy. Flywheels convert electricity to kinetic energy when energy demand peaks.  Hydroelectric dams with reservoirs can be operated to provide electricity at times of peak demand. Hydroelectricity =\u00a0provoked\u00a0by dams with reservoir can provide electricity during peak demand. Hydroelectric dam operators can also provide electricity from reservoirs at peak times of demand.Hydroelectric dams can also be operated by reservoirs with reservoirs.  Water is stored in the reservoir during periods of low demand and released when demand is high. Water is released when it comes to low demand or when it is high demand. Water stored in reservoir during low demand periods and then released when high demand levels are high. The reservoir is located in the heart of the city's largest city.  Net effect is similar to pumped storage, but without the pumping loss. The net effect of pumped storage is the same as pumped storage but without loss of pumping loss in storage. Net effect of pumping storage is similar but without pumping loss, storage is lost to storage loss.  While a hydroelectric dam does not directly store energy from other generating units, it behaves equivalently by lowering output in periods of excess electricity from other sources. Hydroelectric dam is not directly directly storing energy from others generating units. It behaves similarly to lowering output of electricity in periods when other sources are generating excess.  In this mode, dams are one of the most efficient forms of energy storage, because only the timing of its generation changes. Damning is an efficient form of storage because of its timing of generation changes only to change the amount of electricity. Damns are an example example of how dams can be used to store electricity in a different way. Hydroelectric turbines have a start-up time on the order of a few minutes. Hydroelectric\u00a0turbines\u00a0start-up\u00a0time is a short matter of minutes. Hydroelectric turbines can start up in just a few seconds, according to experts.  Pumped-storage hydroelectricity (PSH) is the largest-capacity form of active grid energy storage available. PSH accounts for more than 99% of bulk storage capacity worldwide, representing around 127,000 MW. As of March 2012, the Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI) reports that PSH accounted for more.  At times of low electrical demand, excess generation capacity is used to pump water from a lower source into a higher reservoir. PSH energy efficiency varies in practice between 70% and 80% with claims of up to 87% up to 70%. Excess generation capacity used to\u00a0pump water into a lower reservoir.  Water is released back into a lower reservoir (or waterway or body of water) through a turbine, generating electricity. When demand grows, water is released into a reservoir, it is then released back back into the lower reservoir. This releases electricity to generate electricity, generating water and electricity.  Reversible turbine-generator assemblies act as both a pump and turbine (usually a Francis turbine design) The assemblies are used to power transformers and transformers. The assemblies can be used as a pump or turbine, or as a\u00a0reversible\u00a0turburbation\u00a0assembly.  Nearly all facilities use the height difference between two water bodies. Nearly all water bodies use height difference difference between water bodies to make water easier to reach. The height difference is based on height difference of water bodies in different water bodies, such as the height of a lake or stream.  Pure pumped storage is a combination of pumped storage and conventional hydroelectric plants that use natural stream-flow. Pure pumped-storage plants shift the water between reservoirs, while the \"pump-back\" approach shifts the water to reservoirs. \"Pump-backs\" are combined with pumped storage.  Compressed air energy storage (CAES) uses surplus energy to compress air for subsequent electricity generation. CAES is a form of storage that stores surplus energy and stores it to store it in place for future generations of electricity. Compressing air is stored in the form of compressed air energy.  Small-scale systems have long been used in such applications as propulsion of mine locomotives. Small scale systems have also been used as propulsion systems for mine trains. Small-Scale systems have been used to power mine trains in the past for mine trucks and trains in mine fields.  The compressed air is stored in an  underground reservoir, such as a salt dome. The air is compressed air stored in  underground reservoirs such as salt dome-filled\u00a0reservoirs\u00a0such as salt\u00a0domes\u00a0and\u00a0submerged\u00a0in\u00a0subsituites.  Compressed air energy storage plants can bridge the gap between production volatility and load. Compressed-air energy storage (CAES) plants can be used to store energy storage capacity. CAES plants can also be used for storing energy storage in the event of high-demand demand.  CAES storage addresses the energy needs of consumers by effectively providing readily available energy to meet demand.CAES storage is a storage system that meets the needs of energy consumers by providing more readily available storage to meet the demand of the energy market. CAES will be able to store enough energy in time and space to meet all demand demands.  Renewable energy sources like wind and solar energy vary. Renewable energy can be produced by wind or solar energy. Renewable sources include solar, wind and wind power, but not solar power. Solar energy is a renewable energy source that can be used to provide renewable energy in the future.  At times when they provide little power, they need to be supplemented with other forms of energy to meet energy demand. So at times, they often need to rely on other sources of power to meet demand, such as natural gas, electricity, electricity and water. The UK's biggest power stations are in the process of replacing them with other energy sources.  Compressed-air energy storage plants can take in the surplus energy output of renewable energy sources during times of energy over-production. Storage plants can also store surplus energy from renewable sources. Compressed air storage plants take in surplus energy of renewable sources in times of over production.  Compression of air creates heat; the air is warmer after compression. This stored energy can be used at a later time when demand for electricity increases or energy resource availability decreases. Storage energy can also be used to store electricity and other energy resources for later use in the future.  Expansion requires heat. Expanding requires heat. Expanding into a new state of state of energy. The U.S. Senate is expected to vote to expand into a state of power. The Senate will vote on whether to expand the state of Washington, D.C.  If no extra heat is added, the air will be much colder after expansion. The air will become much colder if no extra heating is added to the air. If the air expands, it will become colder if the air is not expanded in the way of the air, experts say.  If heat generated during compression can be stored and used during expansion, efficiency improves considerably. If the heat generated by compression can't be stored, it can be used to store and use it during expansion. efficiency increases considerably in compression and expansion efficiency. The heat generated from compression can also be stored in storage and used in expansion.  A CAES system can deal with the heat in three ways. CAES systems can be used to deal with heat in a range of ways. It can also be used in the summer months to cope with the natural heat of the summer. The CAES has been used in more than 1,000 countries since 2001.  Air storage can be adiabatic or diabatic, or isothermal. Air storage is a form of storage that can be used to store air in a different way. The air storage process can be called an isothermal or an air storage system. The storage process is known as the process of air storage and air storage.  Another approach uses compressed air to power vehicles. Another approach is to use compressed air instead of compressed air. The technology could be used to power cars in a range of different ways to power the vehicle. It is not the first time compressed air has been used in a vehicle.  Flywheel energy storage (FES) works by accelerating a rotor (a flywheel) to a very high speed, holding energy as rotational energy. FES is a form of energy storage that can be stored by a flywheel or a rotational device. The flywheel is a rotor that accelerates at a high speed and stores energy.  When energy is added the rotational speed of the flywheel increases, and when energy is extracted, the speed declines, due to conservation of energy. The speed of a flywheel is conserved by conservation of the energy used to add energy to the flywheels.  FES systems have rotors made of high strength carbon-fiber composites, suspended by magnetic bearings and spinning at speeds from 20,000 to over 50,000 revolutions per minute (rpm) in a vacuum enclosure. FES devices use electricity to accelerate and decelerate flywheel, but devices that use mechanical energy are under consideration.  Such flywheels can reach maximum speed (\"charge\") in a matter of minutes. Flywheels are capable of reaching maximum speed (charge) in just a few minutes. They can be driven by a flywheeler that can reach a speed of up to 100mph in seconds.  Flywheel system is connected to a combination electric motor/generator. The flywheel system was connected to an electric motor and generator. Flywheel is powered by a combination of flywheels and a combination motor and motor motor. Flywheels are controlled by a flywheel and motor to generate electricity.  FES systems have relatively long lifetimes (lasting decades with little or no maintenance) High specific energy (100\u2013130 W\u00b7h/kg/kg) and power density (360\u2013500 kJ/kg), high specific energy. Full-cycle lifetimes quoted for flywheels range from in excess of 105, up to 107 cycles of use.  Changing the altitude of solid masses can store or release energy via an elevating system driven by an electric motor/generator. An elevation system can store energy by elevating a solid mass. An electric motor can also be used to release energy from an elevated system. An elevated system can be driven by a motor or generator.  Studies suggest energy can begin to be released with as little as 1 second warning, making  a useful supplemental feed into an electricity grid to balance load surges. This can be achieved by siting the masses inside old vertical mine shafts or in specially constructed towers where the heavy weights are winched up to store energy.  At 2020 a prototype vertical store is being built in Edinburgh, Scotland. Potential energy storage or gravity energy storage was under active development in 2013 in association with the California Independent System Operator. At 2020 at 2020 at Edinburgh a prototype Vertical Store will be built in Scotland. A vertical store or gravity storage store is under development in California.  It examined the movement of earth-filled hopper rail cars driven by electric locomotives from lower to higher elevations. Other proposed methods include using high-altitude solar-powered balloon platforms supporting winches to raise and lower solid masses slung underneath them, and taking advantage of a 4 km (13,000 ft) elevation difference between the sea surface and the seabed.  Seasonal thermal energy storage (STES) allows heat or cold to be used months after it was collected from waste energy or natural sources. Sensible heat thermal storage take advantage of sensible heat in a material to store energy. Sensible heat storage is a form of storage that can be used in winter.  Material can be stored in contained aquifers, clusters of boreholes in geological substrates such as sand or crystalline bedrock, in lined pits filled with gravel and water, or water-filled mines. The material can be. stored in reservoirs, boreholes, lined pits, and water filled mines.  Seasonal thermal energy storage (STES) projects often have paybacks in four to six years. STES projects often paybacks in 4 to 6 years, say experts. Seasonal energy storage projects have payback pay-backs in 4-6 years, experts say.  An example is Drake Landing Solar Community in Canada, for which 97% of the year-round heat is provided by solar-thermal collectors on garage roofs, enabled by a borehole thermal energy store (BTES) The community uses solar collectors on roof roofs to collect solar heat.  In Braedst, the world's oldest city, the city of Braeden, is located in Braeden. The city is known for its multiculturalism and multiculturalism. In Braeden it has been a city of culture for more than 30 years. The world's second largest city, Braeden says it is a city in the world of culture and culture. ",
  "78": " The Deutsch\u2013Jozsa algorithm is a deterministic quantum algorithm. It was proposed by David Deutsch and Richard Jozsa in 1992 with improvements by Richard Cleve, Artur Ekert, Chiara Macchiavello, and Michele Mosca in 1998.  The Deutsch\u2013Jozsa problem is one of the first examples of a quantum algorithm that is exponentially faster than any possible deterministic classical algorithm. The problem is specifically designed to be easy for the quantum algorithm and hard for any deterministic\u00a0classical\u00a0algorithm.  It is a black box problem that can be solved efficiently by a quantum computer with no error. A deterministic classical computer would need a exponential number of queries to solve the problem to solve it. A quantum computer can solve it efficiently by solving it efficiently with no errors.  The problem is easy to solve on a probabilistic classical computer, it does not yield an oracle separation with BPP, the class of problems that can be solved with bounded error in polynomial time. EQP and P are different, but EQP can be found to solve the same problem on a quantum computer.  Simon's Problem is an example of a problem that yields an oracle separation between BQP and BPP. Simon's problem is a problem in which the problem is solved by Simon's solution to the problem of the BPP problem. The problem is an attempt to solve the problem by solving it in a new way of solving the problem.  In the Deutsch\u2013Jozsa problem, we are given a black box quantum computer known as an oracle that implements some function. The function takes n-bit binary values as input and produces either a 0 or a 1 as output for each such such value.  We are promised that the function is either constant (0 on all inputs or 1 on all input) or balanced (1 for exactly half of the input domain and 0 for the other half) The function must be either constant or balanced. We were promised that it would be constant or constant.  The task then is to determine if the oracle is constant or balanced by using using it. The task is then to determine whether it is balanced or constant. The oracle can be used to find out if it is always or balanced. For example, the \"oracle\" is used to determine the balance of the universe.  For a conventional deterministic algorithm, the number of bits will be required in the worst case. The classical solution is called    The Classical solution is   Classical solution. For a classical algorithm,   the algorithm is  called  The Panoano algorithm. The algorithm is based on a simple formula.  Just over half the set of inputs must be evaluated and their outputs found to be identical. The function is guaranteed to be either balanced or constant, not somewhere in between. To prove that the function is constant, just over half a set of input and output are evaluated.  The best case occurs where the function is balanced and the first two output values are different. The function is called the function of a function with a balanced function. The result is a function that is balanced with the first three output values of the function's first two values being different.  For a conventional randomized algorithm, a constant constant evaluation of the function suffices to produce the correct answer with a high probability (failing with probability) for a conventional algorithm. For a regular algorithm, the algorithm produces the correct answers with high probability. The algorithm is based on a constant, constant evaluation, with a constant probability.  However, evaluations are still required if we want an answer that has no possibility of error. evaluations still required in order to get an answer without error. However,    evaluations still require evaluation of errors to have no error in the results. The results are based on a simple formula: k=2.n-1 + 1.n.  The Deutsch-Jozsa quantum algorithm produces an answer that is always correct with a single evaluation of the algorithm. The algorithm produces a single answer with the answer always correct. The answer is always the same as the algorithm's evaluation of an evaluation of a number of factors.  The Deutsch\u2013Jozsa algorithm generalizes earlier (1985) work by David Deutsch. It provides a solution for the simple case where the algorithm is used to solve a simple simple case. The algorithm is generalized by the algorithm of the algorithm's algorithm.  The algorithm, as Deutsch had originally proposed it, was not deterministic. Given a function whose input is one bit, is it constant? The algorithm was originally proposed by Deutsch. The algorithm is now known as the \"Algorithm of Algorithms of the Algorithm\"  The algorithm was successful with a probability of one half. It was successful in the algorithm's algorithm. The algorithm is now being used to test the accuracy of the algorithm. It has been used in the past to test a hypothesis that the algorithm is successful. It is not the first time the algorithm has been successful in testing.  In 1992, Deutsch and Jozsa produced a deterministic algorithm which was generalized to a function which takes n bits for its input. The algorithm takes a function that takes a number of bits for input. It is generalized to an algorithm which takes a random function of its input to solve the problem.  Unlike Deutsch's algorithm, this algorithm required two function evaluations instead of only one. This algorithm was based on the Deutsch algorithm. It required two functions to be evaluated instead of just one. The algorithm was developed in the 1980s and 1990s. It was designed to solve problems with complex problems in complex computers.  Deutsch\u2013Jozsa algorithm is both deterministic and requires only a single query. Cleve et al. made improvements to the algorithm to allow it to be deterministic. The algorithm is now a deterministic algorithm that is both\u00a0deterministic\u00a0and requires only one query.  This algorithm is still referred to as Deutsch\u2013Jozsa algorithm in honour of the groundbreaking techniques they employed. It is still known as the Deutsch-Jozs algorithm. This algorithm still refers to the groundbreaking technique they employed in their groundbreaking techniques. It was used to solve complex problems in computer science.  Deutsch\u2013Jozsa algorithm must be a quantum oracle which does not decohere. Algorithm must be an oracle computing algorithm that must work. The algorithm must work in order to get the algorithm to work. For example, the algorithm is based on the Deutsch-Jozs algorithm.  It also must not make a copy of \u00a0resembling\u00a0the no cloning theorem. That would violate the no cloning\u00a0theorem\u00a0because that would violate no cloning. It must also not copy the word \"resembled\" by the same word as the word used by the original author.  The algorithm begins with the bit state of the algorithm. The bit state begins with a bit state. The algorithm is then called the algorithm's first state state. It begins with an algorithm that states that the state is the first state, the state of state and the state. A bit state is then the state that the algorithm begins.  The first n bits are each in the state of the state. The last bit is  the state    and the first n bit is the state that the state is. The state is each in a state, the state, and the state itself. The first bit  is   a state; the second bit is a state.  The Hadamard transform is applied to each bit to obtain the state of the HadAmard. A Hadamardo transform is then applied to the bit to get the state. The state is then transformed into a state with the state that has the state as a result of the transform. The transformation is applied over all the bits.  We have the function. implemented as a quantum oracle. We have a function    that is implemented as an oracle. It is a function that can be implemented as quantum\u00a0oracle\u00a0in a quantum system. We have an algorithm that can predict quantum\u00a0quantum\u00a0oracles.  The oracle maps its input-state   . It maps its output-state. The state of the oracle is represented by the state of addition modulo 2. The state is defined as the input of the state. It is defined by the input state. The input state is the state where it is defined.  The quantum oracle is either 1 or 1, or 1 or 2. Applying the oracle gives the answer to the question. The answer is either 0 or 1. The oracle says the answer is 1 or 0. The number is 1 and the number is 2. For each of the answers is 1.  Testing these two possibilities, we see the above state is equal to that of a state with a state of state. The above state would be equal to a state that has state of mind. The state is the state of the state that it is defined by state-of-mind and state-state. ",
  "79": " A storeage room or storeroom is a room in a building for storing objects. Storeage rooms are a room for storing items such as objects. A store room is a storage room or a storeroom for objects stored in the building. Storerooms are often used to store objects in the storerooms.  They are not designed for permanent residence, and are often small and without windows. They are often designed to be small and have no permanent residence. They often have no windows, and often do not have permanent residence in the homes of people who want to live in them.  Such rooms often have more lenient requirements for fire protection, daylight entry and emergency exits compared to rooms intended for permanent residence. Such rooms have more requirements than those intended to be permanent residence, such as a permanent residence or a permanent home. Rooms have more fire protection and daylight entry requirements than permanent residences.  The storage is a place where employees can put their goods and then take them out when the store starts to become empty or when there is a high demand. In businesses, the storage is where the employees can take their goods from the store and then store them in storage.  Storage rooms are used to store less used tools or items that are not used on a daily basis. Storage rooms in dwelling rooms are often used for less used items or items not used in a daily use. In dwelling rooms, storage rooms are also used for storage purposes.  The term shed is often used for separate small independent buildings for storing food, equipment and the like. For example storage sheds, toolsheds or woodsheds are often called storage sheds. The word shed is used to refer to a shed used to store food and equipment.  Storage rooms in homes have often been narrow, dark and inconspicuous, and places on floors other than the main floors of the building, such as in a basement or an attic. Storage rooms are often narrow and dark, and often often on the main floor of a building.  A storage room can be lockable, and can be located in a housing unit or a common area, indoors or outdoors. Storage rooms can be locked and located in lockable rooms or in common areas. A lockable storage room is a common storage room in a common room or a shared area.  There are companies that rent out storage space for self storage, where individuals and companies can rent storage rooms. There are also rental storage rooms for individuals or companies to rent self storage rooms, such as self-storage rooms, for individuals and businesses to rent rooms. The rental of storage rooms can also be rented out by individuals or businesses.  Sheds, garages and other storage rooms can become overcrowded and cluttered with items that are not in use, or old scrap that has neither been thrown away nor repaired yet. Items that one is unable to get rid of or have big plans for are often left behind.  The value of the mess is often small, especially if the people who live there have a compulsive hoarding problem. If the objects are stored in such a way that the condition becomes very poor, the value is often very low. The value is small if the items are kept in a very poor way.  The TV show Hoarders is one of several TV shows that try to help people with such problems. The show is about people who have a hoarder problem. Hoarder is a TV show that tries to help those who have such a problem. It is also a television show about people living in a home where they have no possessions.  In some cases, there may be valuable antiques that have been stored and forgotten. The antiques may have been found in the hope of finding them in a new home. They may be a valuable treasure that has been forgotten and stored away from the home in some cases.  The TV program American Pickers is a show where the hosts go through old collections in search of valuable antiques. The show is a reality TV show. It is a search for antiques in an old collection in an attempt to find valuable items. The hosts are shown going through the collection of antiques and go through the old collections.  Storage Wars is a TV series where the contents of storage lockers are auctioned off to customers who hasn't paid their rent. Bidders are not allowed to enter and have a close look on what is inside except for a quick peek from the outside. The contents of the lockers will be auctioned to customers without the bidders being allowed to look inside.  The word \"gave\" is used to refer to a storage area used to store cars. It is used in reference to storage areas, warehouses, offices, warehouses and warehouses. The word 'gave' is used for a number of items, such as wine rooms, storage rooms and storage areas. ",
  "80": " Classical mechanics is a physical theory describing the motion of macroscopic objects, from projectiles to parts of machinery and astronomical objects, such as spacecraft, planets, stars, and galaxies. It is also a theory describing how objects move in the universe, from projectile projectiles to part of machinery.  For objects governed by classical mechanics, if the present state is known, it is possible to predict how it will move in the future (determinism) and how it has moved in the past (reversibility) If the current state of an object is known it is then able to predict its future direction.  \"Classical\" does not refer to classical antiquity, as it might in, say, classical architecture. The \"classical\" in classical mechanics is not the same as classical antiquity. The term \"classic\" is not used in classical architecture, but in mechanics, it refers to classical mechanics.  On the contrary, the development of classical mechanics involved substantial change in the methods and philosophy of physics. The development\u00a0of classical\u00a0mechanics\u00a0involved substantial change\u00a0in the methods\u00a0and\u00a0philosophicysics\u00a0and philosophy\u00a0of physics. The development of\u00a0classical\u00a0means\u00a0scientists\u00a0changed\u00a0the\u00a0methods\u00a0and the\u00a0physicist's\u00a0physiological\u00a0physiology\u00a0of the past.  The earliest formulation of classical mechanics is often referred to as Newtonian mechanics. Instead, the qualifier distinguishes classical mechanics from physics developed after the revolutions of the early 20th century, which revealed limitations of classical physics. Newtonian physics was often called Newtonian Mechanics, but it was later developed into physics developed later in the 19th century.  It consists of the physical concepts based on the foundational works of Sir Isaac Newton, and the mathematical methods invented by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz, Joseph-Louis Lagrange, Leonhard Euler, and other contemporaries in the 17th century to describe the motion of bodies under the influence of forces.  Later, more abstract methods were developed, leading to the reformulations of classical mechanics. Lagrangian mechanics and Hamiltonian mechanics are now known as Lagrangians and Hamiltonians. More abstract methods have been developed since classical mechanics were first developed in the 1930s and 1940s.  These advances, made predominantly in the 18th and 19th centuries, extend substantially beyond earlier works, particularly through their use of analytical mechanics. These advances were made primarily in 18th, 19th and 18th century. They were made mainly through analytical mechanics, particularly in the use of analysis.  They are, with some modification, also used in all areas of modern physics. They are used in many areas of physics, such as physics and engineering. They have been used in almost every aspect of the physics world since the 1930s and '60s. They were used in the creation of the first class of the World Series of Physics.  Classical mechanics provides accurate results when studying large objects that are not extremely massive and speeds not approaching the speed of light. Classical mechanics provides. accurate results for studying large. objects that aren't extremely massive or speeds not. approaching the speeds of light, such as light rays, is accurate.  When objects being examined have about the size of an atom diameter, it becomes necessary to introduce the other major sub-field of mechanics: quantum mechanics. Quantum mechanics is a sub-fields of physics, such as quantum mechanics, where objects are smaller than atoms are examined.  To describe velocities that are not small compared to the speed of light, special relativity is needed. Special relativity needs to be used in order to explain relativity. The concept of relativity is described as a theory of relativity by Albert Einstein. The theory is known as relativity theory, but special relativity can be used to explain how relativity works.  In cases where objects become extremely massive, general relativity becomes applicable. General relativity is applied to objects that are extremely massive. In this case, the effects of general relativity apply to objects in which they become very massive. The effects of relativity apply when objects become super-massive.  Modern sources do include relativistic mechanics in classical physics. However, modern sources also include relativism in classical mechanics. Modern sources say relativism represents classical mechanics in its most developed and accurate form. Relativity is a form of relativism, but relativism is not relativism.  The following ideas introduce the basic concepts of classical mechanics. The theory is based on the theory of classical physics. The theories are described in the book \"Classical Mechanics\" The theory of gravity is described as a form of formative form of a formative state of the universe.  For simplicity, it often models real-world objects as point particles (objects with negligible size) for simplicity. For simplicity it models real world objects as points particles. It often models point particles as particles with negligible sizes. It is often used to model point particles for simplicity in order to make it easier to read.  The motion of a point particle is determined by a small number of parameters: its position, mass, and the forces applied to it. A point particle's position and mass are determined by its position and forces applied. A particle's mass, position and force are also determined by parameters such as its mass and position.  In reality, the kind of objects that classical mechanics can describe always have a non-zero size. The kind of object that classical physics can describe can always be a non'zero size. In fact, this is not the case of a zero size object, but a nonzero size object. (The behavior of very small particles, such as the electron, is more accurately described by quantum mechanics.) The behavior of small particles such as electrons is more accurate described by the quantum mechanics of quantum mechanics. Quantum mechanics explains the behavior of the electron in a very small particle.  Object objects with non-zero size have more complicated behavior than hypothetical point particles. The additional degrees of freedom allows objects to spin while they are moving, e.g., a baseball can spin while it is moving. Object particles have more complex behavior because of their size and degree of freedom.  However, the results for point particles can be used to study such objects by treating them as composite objects, made of a large number of collectively acting point particles. The results can also be used in the study of composite objects such as composite point particles, such as the composite objects.  The center of mass of a composite object behaves like a point particle. Center of mass behaves like point particles in composite objects. The center mass of composite objects behaves like points of a particle. A composite object has a center mass that behaves like the point particle of the composite object.  Classical mechanics assumes that matter and energy have definite, knowable attributes such as location in space and speed. This is based on the fact that matter, energy and speed are known to exist in the universe. The theory of quantum computing is a form of quantum-meachievement.  Non-relativistic mechanics assumes that forces act instantaneously (see also Action at a distance) The mechanics of this form of mechanics also assume that forces are instantaneously. The mechanics also assumes forces are not instantaneously, as they are not at all at a time.  The position of a point particle is defined in relation to a coordinate system centered on an arbitrary fixed reference point in space called the origin O. The origin of a particle is called O. The origin is the origin of the particle's position. The position is defined as a position that is centered on a reference point called O.  A simple coordinate system might describe the position of a particle P with a vector notated by an arrow labeled r that points from the origin O to point P. In general, the point particle does not need to be stationary relative to O. The point particle is a particle that is not fixed to the origin of the origin.  In cases where P is moving relative to O, r is defined as a function of t, time. In these cases, time is defined by a time function of P, P, t, and time. R is defined in the cases of P and O, P is moved relative to the time of P.  In pre-Einstein relativity (known as Galilean relativity), time is considered an absolute, i.e., the time interval that is observed to elapse between any given pair of events is the same for all observers. Time interval is considered to be the same time interval observed between two events.  Classical mechanics assumes Euclidean geometry for the structure of space. In addition to relying on absolute time, classical mechanics relies on the theory of absolute time. Classical mechanics also assumes Euclidan geometry as a function for space structure. In particular, this is based on the geometry of space, rather than absolute time.  The velocity, or the rate of change of displacement with time, is defined as the derivative of the position with respect to time. The velocity and speed of the vehicle is defined by the velocity, the speed and the velocity of the car. The car is driven by a single car.  In classical mechanics, velocities are directly additive and subtractive. In classical physics, they are additive and subtracted. In the case of velocity, velocity is additive or subtractive, in classical mechanics it is subtractive and additive... velocity is directly additive or additive to velocity.  If one car travels east at 60 km/h and passes another car traveling in the same direction at 50km/h, the slower car perceives the faster car as traveling west at 60 + 50 km /h. For example, if one car passes another traveling east at. 60km /h and 50km /km is equal to 10km (60 + 50km).  However, from the perspective of the faster car, the slower car is moving 10 km/h to the west, often denoted as \u221210km/h where the sign implies opposite direction. The sign implies that the slower vehicle is moving in the opposite direction, but the faster vehicle is actually moving 10\u00a0km\u00a0to the west. Velocities are directly additive as vector quantities. They must be dealt with using vector analysis. Velocities must be directly additive to each other in order to deal with them. They can be used to solve problems of vector quantities such as vectors and quantities. Velocity is additive to vector quantities, and must be solved by analysis.  Mathematically, the velocity of the first object in the previous discussion is denoted by the vector u = ud and the speed of the second object, where u is speed of first object. The velocity of second object as seen by second object is: v = ve, d = e, v = d and e are unit vectors in directions of motion.  U. '= =u - v - v. '==u' - v, '=u. - v' '=\\mathbf {u} - v:u. =u.'=u. - v. =u.' '= u. v: v. = v. - u. = u.'= v. - u.. =. v...  The first object sees the velocity of the second object as:. The velocity of a second object is measured by the speed of the first object. The second object has a velocity of up to one million miles per hour. The velocity is the same as that of a person in a car.  V'' = v' - v - v, v - u, v, u. V' '''' '' is v. - v... v''is v'.. is v'' - v' and 'u'. V'' =v' - u - v; v' is. v.  When both objects are moving in the same direction, this equation can be simplified to:. The equation is simplified to. The equations are based on the movement of objects in the direction of both objects. The equation means:. When objects move in the opposite direction, the equation will be written:.    The equation has been simplified to the equation:. \u2018.\u2019 {\\displaystyle {u} '=(u-v))\\mathbf {d'==u- v. \\,.\\,.\\,\\,d==U-v,\\mathbf ==u v-v;\\mathf =u-d=u; \\,.}.\\,.}..\\displaystyle.  Or, by ignoring direction, the difference can be given in terms of speed only. The difference is based on speed, rather than speed, in the speed of a person walking or walking. The speed of walking is the same as speed, or speed, depending on the direction direction.  {\\displaystyle u'=u-v\\,.}. {\\displayline u' =u- v;.{\\displayline =u';.displayline=u'=v;.\\,.\\,.}\\displayline: \"U'=U-v\";.  The acceleration, or rate of change of velocity, is the derivative of the velocity with respect to time. The acceleration is the second derivative of a position with respect time. Acceleration is the rate of the change of the position with the speed of a vehicle. The acceleration of the vehicle is the first derivative of its position with time.  A = a = a, v, v v, r, t, d v, d t, v and d t. = a.= a.. A =. a. = v.    = a. v. A. =. v. The value of a v. v is a. variable.  Acceleration represents the velocity's change over time. Acceleration is the velocity of the velocity over time. Acceleration means the velocity has changed over time over the course of time. The velocity of acceleration is the speed of the acceleration of a given velocity over a time period.  Velocity can change in magnitude, direction, or both. Velocity can change the direction, magnitude, or magnitude of the speed of a given object. Velocity may change the speed or direction of the object, or the velocity of an object, to change it in a given direction or direction.  Any change in the velocity over time, including deceleration, is referred to as acceleration. A decrease in the magnitude of velocity \"v\" is also referred to acceleration. Deceleration is a decrease in velocity velocity, but acceleration is a change in velocity over the course of time.  Classical mechanics assumes the existence of a special family of reference frames in which the mechanical laws of nature take a comparatively simple form. The position, velocity and acceleration of a particle can be described with respect to any observer in any state of motion. A frame frame can be used to describe the position and velocity of a moving particle.  These special reference frames are called inertial frames. These special frames are known as inertial reference frames. The frames are a special reference frame frame that can be used in the world of the world's most important objects. The frame frame is a special frame frame used to be used by the World of the World.  An inertial frame is an idealized frame of reference within which an object with zero net force acting upon it moves with a constant velocity. That is, it is either at rest or moving uniformly in a straight line. In inertial frames are idealized frames of reference.  In an inertial frame Newton's law of motion is valid. Newton's Law of Motion is valid in the inertial world. In inertial frames Newton's laws of motion are valid in inertial space. In this case, the law is valid for the first time in a space frame.  Non-inertial reference frames accelerate in relation to another inertial frame. Non-Inertial frames accelerate when they are placed in a frame with another frame. \u2018185\u2019:\u200a185\u2009:\u2009185: \u2009185.\u2009\u00a0:185. \u2009187:185:\u00a0\u2009'185:  A body rotating with respect to an inertial frame is not a body rotating. A body is not rotating in respect to a frame that is not inertial. An inertial body can be rotated in respect of a frame frame. A rotating body is a body that is rotating in a frame not with a frame of frame, such as the Earth.  When viewed from an inertial frame, particles in the non-inertial frame appear to move in ways not explained by forces from existing fields in the reference frame. particles in non-Inertial frames move in different ways not caused by forces in the frame.  There are other forces that enter the equations of motion solely as a result of the relative acceleration. The relative acceleration is a factor of relative acceleration in the equation of motion. It appears that other forces are also entering the equations\u00a0of motion\u00a0as a result\u00a0of\u00a0the relative acceleration\u00a0of the acceleration.  These forces are referred to as fictitious forces, inertia forces, or pseudo-forces. They are known as pseudo forces or fictitious forces. These forces have been called fictitious forces or inertia forces. For example, fictitious forces are also known as inertia forces or pseudo forces. Inventive forces are known to be the most powerful forces in the world. Consider two reference frames S and S'. Consider a frame frame of S and 'S' for example. Consider two frames of the same frame of reference frames: S' and S', S'' frame is S' frame of the frame' frame. Consider the frame frame as a reference frame of a frame of frame.  For observers in each of the reference frames an event has space-time coordinates of (x,y,z,t), (x',y',z',t') in frame S'. For observers, an event is placed in each frame, frame S and frame S'. For observers an event takes place in frames S and S' frames S' S' 'S' is 'S', S''  Assuming time is measured the same in all reference frames, the time frame is measured in the same way as in reference frames. Time is measured by the same time frame frame as it is measured at the time of all frames, such as time and distance. Time will be measured in timeframes and frames, but the frame is different from frame to frame. ",
  "81": " A quantum computer is a computer that takes advantage of quantum mechanical phenomena. Quantum computers are based on quantum computing. They take advantage of the quantum mechanics of quantum mechanics. They can be used to build a quantum computer in order to solve problems such as quantum physics. They are also called quantum computers or quantum computers.  At small scales, physical matter exhibits properties of both particles and waves. Quantum computing leverages this behavior, specifically quantum superposition and entanglement, using specialized hardware that supports the preparation and manipulation of quantum states. At small scale, quantum computing uses specialized hardware to make quantum states possible.  A scalable quantum computer could perform some calculations exponentially faster (with respect to input size scaling) than any modern \"classical\" computer. This could be a quantum computer that could be exponentially faster than any other modern computer. The quantum computer is based on the theory of quantum computing, although it is not known as quantum computing.  A large-scale quantum computer could break widely used encryption schemes and aid physicists in performing physical simulations. However, the current state of the art is largely experimental and impractical, with several obstacles to useful applications. The current state-of-the-art state of quantum computing is largely\u00a0experimental\u00a0and impractical.  quantum computers do not hold promise for many practical tasks. For many important tasks quantum speedups are proven impossible. Scalable quantum computers are not likely to be used for many of the world's most important tasks. But quantum computers could be useful for some of the most complex tasks in the world.  The basic unit of information in quantum computing is the qubit, similar to the bit in traditional digital electronics. The qubit is a unit that is the same as the bit used in digital electronics and quantum computing. Quantum computing is a form of quantum computing that uses a bit rather than a bit.  Unlike a classical bit, a qubit can exist in a superposition of its two \"basis\" states. This means that it is in both states simultaneously. Unlike classical bits, qubits can be found to exist in superposition superposition. A qubit is a bit that exists in two superpositions.  When measuring a qubit, the result is a probabilistic output of a classical bit. This makes quantum computers nondeterministic in general. Quantum computers are nondeterish in general, making them nondeteriable in the way of quantum computing. When measuring qubits, a quantum bit is probabilistically output of the classical bit, therefore making quantum computers noneterministic.  If a quantum computer manipulates the qubit in a particular way, wave interference effects can amplify the desired measurement results. Wave interference effects are also known to amplify the results of quantum computers using wave interference to amplify quantum data. The results of a quantum quantum computer can be measured using a qubit qubit or a superbit.  The design of quantum algorithms involves creating procedures that allow a quantum computer to perform calculations efficiently and quickly. Quantum algorithms are designed to allow quantum computers to do calculations quickly and efficiently. Quantum computers can also be programmed to solve problems faster and more efficiently than previously thought to be possible.  Physically engineering high-quality qubits has proven challenging. High-resolution qubits have been built in a quantum chip that could be used to send messages to the next generation of super-high-resolution super-quantum super-super-superfast super-fast qubits.  If a physical qubit is not sufficiently isolated from its environment, it suffers from quantum decoherence, introducing noise into calculations. The noise introduced into calculations introduces noise in calculations. Physical qubits are not isolated from their environment, they suffer from quantum\u00a0decoherence.  Perfect isolating qubits is also undesirable because quantum computations typically need to perform controlled qubit interactions, and measure the resulting quantum states. Quantum computations need to begin with qubits and perform controlled interactions, such as the creation of a new qubit qubit state.  Each of those operations introduces errors and suffers from noise, and such inaccuracies accumulate. Each operation introduces errors, and noise, which can be caused by errors and noise. Such inaccuracies will accumulate, and the errors will continue to build up, he says. He says, \"Such inaccuracies and noise accumulate\"  National governments have invested heavily in experimental qubits research that aims to develop scalable qubits with longer coherence times and lower error rates. National governments are investing heavily in research to develop qubits that can be scaled down to smaller qubits and faster qubits than qubits.  Two of the most promising technologies are superconductors (which isolate an electrical current by eliminating electrical resistance) and ion traps (which confine a single ion using electromagnetic fields) Superconductors can isolate electrical current and isolate electrical resistance. ion traps confine an ion using an electromagnetic field to confine one ion.  A non-quantum (classical) computer can solve the same computational problems as a quantum computer, given enough time. In principle, a non-classical computer can do the same with a quantum computing problem as a classical computer. A quantum computer can be used to solve problems such as quantum computing given time.  Quantum advantage comes in the form of time complexity rather than computability. Some quantum algorithms require exponentially fewer computational steps than the best known non-quantum algorithms. Quantum complexity theory shows that some quantum algorithms for carefully selected tasks require exponentially less computational steps. Quantum advantage is not computability, but time complexity is time complexity.  Such tasks can in theory be solved on a large-scale quantum computer. Classical computers would not finish computations in any reasonable amount of time. Quantum computers can solve such tasks in theory by solving them in a large number of tasks in a quantum computer large enough time.  Quantum speedup is not universal or even typical across computational tasks. Basic tasks such as sorting are proven to not allow any asymptotic quantum speedup. However, quantum speedups are not universal across all computational tasks, since basic tasks like sorting do not allow such speedups.  Claims of quantum supremacy have drawn significant attention to the discipline, but are demonstrated on contrived tasks. Near-term practical use cases remain limited, with near-term use cases still limited. Quantum supremacy has been demonstrated in contrived situations, but is demonstrated only on a contrived task.  Quantum computing is fueled by a broad range of new theoretical hardware possibilities facilitated by quantum physics. But the improving understanding of quantum computing limitations counterbalances this optimism. Quantum computing limitations are still a mystery to many, including the limitations of quantum computers, according to the University of Cambridge.  Quantum speedups have been traditionally estimated for noiseless quantum computers. The impact of noise and the use of quantum error-correction can undermine low-polynomial speedups. In particular, quantum speedups are estimated for noise-free quantum computers, but noise and error correction can undermine them.  The fields of quantum mechanics and computer science have been distinct academic communities for many years. The fields are now being studied in the form of quantum science and quantum computing. Quantum mechanics is the subject of much of the world's most popular science fiction films, with titles such as \"Quantarities\" and \"Computers\"  Digital computers emerged in the following decades to replace human computers for tedious calculations. Modern quantum theory developed in the 1920s to explain the wave\u2013particle duality observed at atomic scales. Digital computers have replaced human computers in the past decade to replace humans for routine calculations.  Both disciplines had practical applications during World War II; computers played a major role in wartime cryptography, and quantum physics was essential for the nuclear physics used in the Manhattan Project. As physicists applied quantum mechanical models to computational problems and swapped digital bits for qubits, quantum mechanics and computer science began to converge.  In 1980, Paul Benioff introduced the quantum Turing machine, which uses quantum theory to describe a simplified computer. The machine was created by Paul Benioski in 1980. It was the first machine to use quantum theory in a computer. It is now being used to create a computer called the Quantum Turing machine.  When digital computers became faster, physicists faced an exponential increase in overhead when simulating quantum dynamics. Yuri Manin and Richard Feynman suggested that hardware based on quantum phenomena might be more efficient for computer simulation. The results suggest that quantum phenomena may be better suited to computer simulation than digital computers.  Charles Bennett and Gilles Brassard applied quantum theory to cryptography protocols in 1984. They demonstrated that quantum key distribution could enhance information security. In a 1984 paper, they demonstrated that such a key could be used to secure information security in the future. The paper was published in 1984 and has since been published by the University of California.  Quantum algorithms emerged for solving oracle problems. Deutsch's algorithm in 1985, Bernstein\u2013Vazirani algorithm in 1993, and Simon's algorithms in 1994. Simon's algorithm was developed in 1994 to solve the oracle's oracle problem. Quantum algorithms have been used in the past to solve problems of oracle solutions.  Peter Shor built on these results with his 1994 algorithms for breaking the widely used RSA and Diffie\u2013Hellman encryption protocols, which drew significant attention to the field of quantum computing. These algorithms did not solve practical problems, but demonstrated mathematically that one could gain more information by querying a black box with a quantum state in superposition, sometimes referred to as quantum parallelism.  Grover's algorithm established a quantum speedup for the widely applicable unstructured search problem in 1996. In 1996, Grover established the algorithm to speed up quantum speedups for the search problem. Grover has been awarded the title of Grover\u2019s algorithm.  The same year, Seth Lloyd proved that quantum computers could simulate quantum systems without the exponential overhead present in classical simulations, validating Feynman's 1982 conjecture. Over the years, experimentalists have constructed small-scale quantum computers using trapped ions and superconductors to simulate small scale quantum systems.  In 1998, a two-qubit quantum computer demonstrated the feasibility of the technology. In subsequent experiments, experiments have increased the number of qubits and reduced error rates. The technology has been used in quantum computing experiments in the past and in the future. In 1998 a quantum computer was demonstrated to be feasible.  In 2019, Google AI and NASA announced they had achieved quantum supremacy with a 54-qubit machine. The machine performed a computation that is impossible for any classical computer to perform. NASA and Google AI announced the achievement in 2019 that they had reached quantum supremacy in 2019.  The threshold theorem shows how increasing the number of qubits can mitigate errors, yet fully fault-tolerant quantum computing remains \"a rather distant dream\" However, the validity of this claim is still being actively researched. The threshold\u00a0theaterally\u00a0theoretic\u00a0targets\u00a0are still being\u00a0studied\u00a0by researchers.  Noise in quantum gates limits reliability of quantum gates. Some researchers say noisy intermediate-scale quantum (NISQ) machines may have specialized uses in the near future. Investment in quantum computing research has increased in the public and private sectors in both private and public sectors.  Quantum-computing start-ups are proliferating in quantum computing. Investment dollars are pouring in, and quantum computing start-up start upsets. As one consulting firm summarized, \"quantum computing\" is a big business opportunity in the U.S. Quantum computing is a huge growth opportunity.  CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots for next week's gallery of snapshots. Visit CNN iReport.com/Travel next Friday for a new gallery of shots. Visit http://www.cnnnnnnnnow.com for more photos.  Quantum computing promises to help businesses solve problems that are beyond the reach and speed of conventional high-performance computers. Use cases are largely experimental and hypothetical at this early stage, but use cases are still hypothetical. Quantum computing could be used to solve complex problems beyond conventional computers' reach or speed.  In December 2023, physicists, for the first time, report the entanglement of individual molecules, which may have significant applications in quantum computing. Potential applications of quantum computing include cybersecurity, data analytics and artificial intelligence, optimization and simulation, and data management and searching.  Computer engineers typically describe a modern computer's operation in terms of classical electrodynamics. Quantum information processing is a form of quantum computing. Quantum computing is the type of computer that uses quantum information processing. Quantum computers can be programmed to process quantum data in quantum computing. Quantum computing has been described as quantum computing since 1998.  Some components (such as semiconductors and random number generators) may rely on quantum behavior, but these components are not isolated from their environment, so any quantum information quickly decoheres. Semiconductors, random generators and random numbers generators are among the components of \"classical\" computers.  Quantum mechanical notions like superposition and interference are largely irrelevant for program analysis. While programmers may depend on probability theory when designing a randomized algorithm, quantum mechanical notions such as superposition, interference and superposition are not relevant for analysis of programs. The algorithm is designed by programmers using probability theory.  Quantum programs rely on precise control of coherent quantum systems. Quantum programs, in contrast, rely on control of coherent quantum systems. Quantum programs are highly sensitive to quantum systems in order to achieve quantum-like quantum computing. Quantum-like programs can be programmed to control quantum systems with precise control over coherent systems. Physicists describe these systems mathematically using linear algebra. Physicists use linear algebra to describe them mathematically. The systems are mathematically described by linear algebra in terms of a linear algebra system. The results are based on the fact that these systems form a quantum state of quantum gravity.  Complex numbers model probability amplitudes, matrices model quantum states. Matrices model the operations that can be performed on these states. Complex numbers are complex numbers and matrices are matrices. The quantum state is a state of quantum states that can only be found in quantum systems. The state of these quantum states is the state of a quantum state.  Programming a quantum computer is then a matter of composing operations in such a way that the resulting program computes a useful result in theory and is implementable in practice. Programming quantum computers is a question of programming operations such as the operations of the quantum computer to produce useful results in theory.  A classical computer is a quantum computer, so we shouldn't be asking \"where do quantum speedups come from?\" A quantum computer can speed up quantum speeds faster than a classical computer, physicist Charlie Bennett says. We shouldn't ask about where quantum speed ups come from, he says.  We should say, \"well, all computers are quantum,\" rather than \"quantum\" We should use the term quantum computing to refer to quantum computing. We need to use quantum computing in the future, but not quantum computing, it's quantum computing. We need quantum computing for the future. ... Where do classical slowdowns come from?\"?\"?\"??\"?\"\"Where do classical slows come from??\"\"I don't know what it's like to be a classical pianist,\" she says. \"I'm trying to find a way to get around the world,\" she asks. \"It's not a mystery. It's a mystery\"  The qubit serves as the basic unit of quantum information. Qubits are used in quantum computing. The qubits are the most powerful qubits in the world. They are used to transmit quantum information from a quantum computer or quantum computing device. They can be used to store quantum information in the quantum world.  It represents a two-state system, just like a classical bit, except that it can exist in a superposition of its two states. It can be found in superposition, like classical bits, in a two state superposition. The bit is a bit that can be superpositioned into a state of two states, like a bit.  In one sense, a superposition is like a probability distribution over the two values. A superposition can be similar to a probability probability distribution in one sense to the probability distribution of the values. In one way, superpospositions are like probability distributions over the values of two values in a superpositon.  A quantum computation can be influenced by both values at once, inexplicable by either state individually. However, a quantum computation cannot be affected by the values of either state at once. A quantum computer can also be impacted by the value of both state or value of each state.  A \"superposed\" qubit stores both values simultaneously. A two-dimensional vector mathematically represents a qubit state. A superposed qubit store state stores both states in the same way. A qubit is a \"qubit state\" that stores both state and state states.  Physicists typically use Dirac notation for quantum mechanical linear algebra. Writing |\u03c8\u27e9 'ket psi' for a vector labeled \u03c8. For example, writing | \u03c9 is a 'ket' is a \"ket psi\" for a linear algebra term.  Because a qubit is a two-state system, an individual qubit can be used in a two state qubit. A qubit has been used in the past for more than 30 years. The qubit system is a state-based qubit, a state of two states, and a state state. The state of qubits is based on the state of the qubit state. ",
  "82": " Peter David Shore, Baron Shore of Stepney, was a British Labour Party politician and former Cabinet Minister. He was noted in part for his opposition to the UK's entry into the European Economic Community. He died in September 2001, aged 24, at the age of 24.  His idiosyncratic left-wing nationalism led to comparison with the French politician Jean-Pierre Chev\u00e8nement. He was a member of the French Nationalist Party of the 1930s and '60s. He also had a strong right-wing nationalist record in France. He is the son of former President of France and French Prime Minister of 1961.  He was described in an obituary by Patrick Cosgrave as the only possible Labour Party leader of whom a Conservative leader had cause to walk in fear. Along with Enoch Powell, he was described as \"the most captivating rhetorician of the age\" and \"the\u00a0most captivating\u00a0rhetorician\u00a0of the\u00a0age\"  Born in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, Shore was the son of a Merchant Navy captain. Shore was brought up in a middle-class environment and brought up as a child in the middle class. He was born in a family of Merchant Navy captains and was educated in the Merchant Navy.  He was a member of the Cambridge Apostles, a secret society with an elite membership. He attended Quarry Bank High School in Liverpool and went to King's College, Cambridge, to read History as an exhibitioner. He was member of Cambridge Apostles - an elite society with a secret membership.  During World War II he served in the Royal Air Force, spending most of his time in India. During the war he spent most of the time in the RAF in the later stages of the war. He served in India during the war and was awarded a knighthood in 1944.  He had specialised in political economy during part of his degree and joined the Labour Party in 1948. He joined the party in 1948 and became a prominent figure in the party. He was a member of the Labour party until his death in 1964. He is a former Labour Party member and has served as a senior politician.  He was appointed as Head of the Labour Party's Research Department. He took charge of renewal of party policy following its third successive defeat in 1959. He spent the 1950s working for the party and spent two unsuccessful Parliamentary contests at St Ives in 1950s and Halifax in 1959s.  He was the main author of the Labour Party manifesto for the 1964 general election. His adherence to the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament from 1958 led to a breach in relations with Harold Wilson. He became close to Wilson after Wilson had been elected as party leader, and wrote the Labour manifesto.  Shore was selected to fight the safe seat of Stepney in the election, which he easily won easily. Shore was chosen to be Parliamentary Private Secretary, responsible for liaising between the Prime Minister and Labour MPs. Denis Healey termed him \"Harold's lapdog\"  Shore was responsible for drafting the 1966 and 1970 election manifestos. He drafted the manifestos for the first time in the 1960s and 1970s. He is credited with drafting the manifesto for the second time in a row. He was also responsible for drafting the party's manifesto for its first time.  In August 1967, Shore became a member of the Cabinet as Secretary of State for Economic Affairs. Shore's job as Wilson's PPS kept him in close contact with the British Prime Minister. Shore was a Cabinet member in 1967 and later became a Cabinet Secretary of the Economic Affairs Minister.  This Department had been created by Wilson to undertake long-term planning of the economy. Wilson had created the Department of Economic Planning. Wilson's department was created to help plan the country's economic future. Wilson was in charge of planning the economy for the whole of the 1950s and 1960s.  Shore declared immediately his belief in state-controlled economic planning, together with the regulation of prices and wages. He declared immediately that he believed in the state-run economic planning. Shore declared that he was committed to the state of economic planning and that he would like to see the economy be more prosperous.  Early in 1968, the responsibility for prices and incomes was transferred to another department. The responsibility was later transferred to a different department. Prices and incomes were later moved to a new department in charge of the income department. In 1968 the responsibility was transferred from the department to a separate department.  Treasury had never approved of the creation of the Department for Economic Affairs. Treasury began reasserting its influence, depriving it of any significant power. The Treasury was deprived of significant power by the department's creation. Treasury never approved the creation, but began to reassert its influence.  The department was wound up in October 1969. The department became a government agency in the 1970s. It was closed down after the department was closed in December 1969. In October 1969, it was closed by the Department of Public Service. It is now a state agency in charge of the National Weather Service.  Shore sided with those in cabinet who were opposed to Barbara Castle's White Paper, In Place of Strife. At the same time, Shore was opposed to the White Paper. Shore was a member of the Cabinet who opposed Castle's white paper, 'In Place Of Strife'  Wilson was frustrated with Shore: \"I over-promoted him. He overpromoted me,\" he said. Shore was the subject of a conversation with Richard Crossman at the time of the incident. Shore died at the end of his career in 2007 at the age of 92.  He was retained in the Cabinet as a Minister without Portfolio and Deputy Leader of the House of Commons. He was also Deputy Leader in the Commons after being retained in Cabinet. He said: \"He's no good. He doesn't deserve to be in Cabinet. He's not good\"  He played a key part, behind the scenes, in planning Labour Party's unsuccessful 1970 general election campaign. He was a key member of the Labour Party in the 1970s. He played key role in planning the party's unsuccessful general election bid. He also played key part in the planning of Labour's successful 1970 election campaign.  Shore was appointed as spokesman on Europe, taking the lead in opposing Edward Heath's application to join the European Economic Community. In opposition to Heath's bid to join Europe, Shore led the opposition to the European Community. Shore was also a spokesman for the Conservative Party in the 1960s and 1970s.  Shore had already become convinced that membership of the EEC would be a disaster because it would stop the British government from taking necessary economic action. Shore was convinced membership would stop British government taking economic action against EEC members. Shore believed membership of EEC was a disaster for British government.  Due to organisation by pro-EEC Labour backbenchers, Heath was able to steer his policy successfully through Parliament. Heath's policy was due to be supported by pro EEC Labour MPs in the 1980s. Heath was forced to withdraw from the EEC in order to get his policy through.  When Wilson returned to government in 1974, Shore was appointed as Secretary of State for Trade. Shore served as Wilson's Secretary for Trade in the 1970s and 1980s. He was appointed in 1974 as the Secretary of the Trade Secretary for the EEC. Shore was a member of the European Economic Council of the Netherlands.  His term in office was dominated by the renegotiation of the terms of British membership of the EEC, a pledge contained in the Labour manifesto as a preparation for a national referendum on membership. This compromise had reunited the Labour Party on the issue, a compromise had united the party.  Shore participated in the discussions without believing that any new terms would be acceptable. He joined with other anti-EEC politicians in opposing membership in the EEC. Shore joined in the referendum to oppose membership of the European Economic Community. He was also opposed to membership of any new EEC membership terms.  The results of the 1975 Referendum, giving a two-to-one majority in favour of remaining a member of the EEC, damaged Shore along with the other 'dissenting ministers' Shore was one of the ministers who was seen to be 'damaged' by the results.  His inclination to support an autarkic economy ruled him out of consideration as a new Chancellor of the Exchequer. Shore was moved to Secretary of State for the Environment by James Callaghan in 1976. He was moved into the post by new Prime Minister Callaghan.  This move was a promotion but involved him in considerable political controversy. This move involved him being promoted to the top of the country's highest-ranking politician. It was a controversial promotion move that involved controversy surrounding his political career. He was promoted to a top job at the end of the 1990s.  He called on local authorities to cut spending and waste, and criticised trade unions for failing to support modernisation. He also criticised the trade unions representing local authority staff for not supporting modernisation of the local authority. He said local authorities need to cut waste and spending and cut spending in order to save money.  Shore also launched a campaign to revitalise the inner cities of Britain. The campaign is based on the idea of revitalising inner cities in the UK. Shore has launched a new campaign to tackle the problem of inner-cities in Britain. It is the first time the campaign has been launched by the government.  Shore became a fervent advocate of the British nuclear deterrent for the last three decades of his life. In 1958 he had been an active member of the CND, but in 1958 he was an active CND member. He was an advocate of Britain's nuclear deterrent in the 1950s and 1960s.  He was critical of the Nassau Agreement with the U.S. under which Britain's nuclear submarines were, except in a national emergency, permanently assigned to NATO. In his 1966 book Entitled to Know, he wrote about the agreement with the United States. He also criticised the agreement.  Shore negatively compared Britain's nuclear strategy to that of France: \"If such a policy is like General de Gaulle's, based upon a deliberate and far-reaching politico-military strategy of national independence, past disengagement from NATO and d\u00e9tente in Europe, it merits the most careful examination\"  There was not a whisper or suggestion from Tory Ministers from within the party. But, of these broader aims, there were not any whispers or suggestions from the Tories. Tory Ministers have been criticised for their policies in the past for their lack of support for gay marriage in the UK.  Britain could not in future possess a genuine independent nuclear capacity, it has been claimed. Blue Streak was cancelled after the cancellation of the programme. The UK was forced to develop a major new British weapons system in response to the cancellation. The U.S. could not develop a 'genuine independent' nuclear capacity in the future, it says.  Shore had always opposed any suggestion of British involvement in the Vietnam war. He had encouraged Wilson to distance himself more explicitly from American foreign policy. He was strongly opposed to any suggestion that Britain should join the war in Vietnam. He died in 1966 at the age of 92, a year after his death.  By the mid-1970s, he had become more supportive of NATO and the United States. He continued to condemn U.S. foreign policy in Vietnam and Chile, while continuing to condemn American foreign policy. In the 1970s he supported NATO and NATO, he became more supportive.  Shore was made Shadow Foreign Secretary in 1979, having recanted on his previous support for CND. Shore was Labour's Foreign Secretary during the Labour Party's first period in opposition. He is now a Labour leadership candidate for the party's second Labour Party leader in 1979.  Michael Foot persuaded him to stand as a candidate in the election of a new party leader in November 1980. Michael Foot thought he was the best-placed soft-left candidate to defeat Denis Healey. He was persuaded to stand by Michael Foot to stand in the 1980 election.  Shore came bottom of the poll with 32 votes when Foot was persuaded to stand. Foot was himself persuaded to step down when he stood for Foot. Shore was given 32 votes in the poll when Foot stood down. Foot won the election with a narrow margin of votes of 32 votes. Foot's victory was the first time Foot had stood down in the polls.  Foot made Shore Shadow Chancellor where his support for interventionist measures met with Foot's approval. Party policy also became opposed to EEC membership, which suited Shore well. Foot then made him Shadow Chancellor, where he supported interventionist policies. Shore was also Shadow Chancellor at the time.  Shore opposed the Conservative Government's attempts to hand over the Falkland Islands to Argentina in the Falklands War of 1982. He supported Margaret Thatcher over the war and supported her in the 1980s. Shore's patriotic tendencies were again evident in the early 1980s, when he supported Thatcher over Falklands war.  He fought for the leadership again after Foot resigned, but obtained a dismal vote of 3%, being unsupported by any Constituency Labour Party. He won a dismal 3% vote of support from any constituency Labour Party members. He was the first Labour Party member to win a seat in the Commons.  Shore served as Shadow Leader of the House of Commons for four years under Neil Kinnock. His influence with the leadership was negligible and he was not re-elected to the Shadow cabinet in 1985. He was not elected to the shadow cabinet again under Kinnock in 1984.  He stood down from the front bench in 1987 and thereafter served on the Foreign Affairs Select Committee, devoting himself to European Union questions. He was first elected to the frontbench in 1987, but stood down in 1987. He is now a senior member of the British Parliament's Foreign Affairs Committee.  Edward Pearce wrote in his obituary of Shore that he had now become a right-wing figure, cluckingly approved of by Conservatives. Tony Blair selected him as a senior Labour statesman as his nominee for the Committee on Standards in Public Life when it was set up in 1994.  Shore stood down from the House of Commons at the 1997 general election. In the dissolution honours he was made a life peer, being created Baron Shore of Stepney in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets on 5 June 1997. In contrast to Pearce's assertion that Shore had become a \"right-wing figure\", Chris Mullin quoted Shore in 1997 as saying: \"I still believe in state intervention\"  Mullin described Shore as alienated from New Labour, and quoted his criticism: \"I like Tony Blair. I like Blair. He like Blair,\" he said. Shore was alienated from the Labour Party, Mullin said. He said Shore's criticism of Tony Blair was \"a bit of a joke\", and that he liked Blair.  I'm offended by New Labour\u2019s constant repudiation of our past. I think he is probably right about wanting to put a certain distance between the party and the unions, but I\u2019m offended by the party's constant repudiated of its past. New Labour needs to put distance between unions and the Labour Party, he says.  His book Separate Ways (2000) advocated a multi-speed Europe, with some countries as merely associate members, so as to allow the centre to forge a political union at its own pace. The book was published in 2000 and has since been published by Simon Tisdall.  He died in 2001, aged 77. He was married to two sisters; they were married to one of the world's most famous women. He died at the age of 77 in his native New Zealand. He is survived by his wife and two daughters; they married in 1981.  On 27 September 1948, Shore married Dr Elizabeth Catherine Wrong, daughter of the historian Edward Murray Wrong. Shore was married to Dr Catherine Wrong in 1948. Shore is best known for his role in World War II. He is married to Elizabeth Wrong's daughter, Dr Elizabeth Wrong, who died in 1952.  Known as Liz, she was the Deputy Chief Medical Officer of England from 1977 to 1985. She championed women's career progression in medicine and championed women in medicine. She was also known as Liz when she was in charge of the NHS in the 1970s and '80s.  They had two daughters, Thomasina and Tacy, both retired teachers, and two sons, Crispin, who is Professor of Social Anthropology at Goldsmiths, University of London, and Piers, who died in 1977. They also had two sons Crispin and Thomasina.  Elizabeth Catherine Wrong Shore died in 2022. She died in a hospice in California. She was one of the most famous women to die in the U.S. history. She is believed to have died at the age of 75. She had a daughter with whom she was married to.  Entitled to Know, MacGibbon & Kee (1966) ISBN 978-0-2616-313. Entitled To Know was published in 1966. The book is published in the UK and has been translated in the U.S. editions of several other editions of this book. ",
  "83": " In physics, energy is the quantitative property that is transferred to a body or to a physical system. It is the property that can be transferred to the physical system, recognizable in the performance of work and in the form of heat and light. Energy (from Ancient Greek    \u1f10\u03bd\u03ad\u03c1\u03b3\u03b5\u03ac (en\u00e9rgeia) 'activity') is a quantitative property.  The law of conservation of energy states that energy can be converted in form, but not created or destroyed. Energy is a conserved quantity; energy can't be created, destroyed or created. The law says energy is conserved\u00a0in form, not created, but can be used to create or destroy.  The unit of measurement for energy in the International System of Units (SI) is the joule (J) The unit is the Joule, the energy equivalent to the energy unit. The SIJ is a measurement unit of energy in a given quantity of energy per hour.  Common forms of energy include the kinetic energy of a moving object, potential energy stored by an object, elastic energy stored in a solid object, chemical energy associated with chemical reactions, and the radiant energy carried by electromagnetic radiation. The internal energy contained within a thermodynamic system is contained in thermodynamic systems.  Living organisms constantly take in and release energy. All living organisms constantly release energy from their source sources. All organisms take in energy from source sources and release it in the form of food and water. The source of energy is the source of the energy that is released by the body.  Any object that has mass when stationary (called rest mass) also has an equivalent amount of energy whose form is called rest energy. Rest energy will increase the object's total mass just as it increases its total energy. Any additional energy (of any form) acquired by the object above that rest energy increases its mass.  Human civilization requires energy to function, which it gets from energy resources such as fossil fuels, nuclear fuel, or renewable energy. Human civilization gets energy resources from fossil fuels or nuclear fuel or renewable sources such as renewable energy, such as solar, wind power, fossil fuels and nuclear fuel.  Earth's climate and ecosystems processes are driven by the energy the planet receives from the Sun. A small amount of geothermal energy is also contributed to the planet's climate, ecosystems processes. The Sun's solar energy is the main source of energy from Earth's solar systems.  The total energy of a system can be subdivided and classified into potential energy, kinetic energy, or combinations of the two in various ways. The energy of an energy system is classified as potential energy or kinetic energy. An energy system can also be classified as kinetic energy or potential energy.  Potential energy reflects the potential of an object to have motion. Kinetic energy is a function of the position of the object within a field or may be stored in the field itself. Potential energy is determined by the position and movement of the objects in a field. It reflects the movement of objects and the composite motion of the components of those objects.  It is often convenient to refer to particular combinations of potential and kinetic energy as its own form. While these two categories are sufficient to describe all forms of energy, they are often used to describe certain combinations of kinetic energy and potential energy as their own form of energy. For example, kinetic energy can be defined as potential or kinetic energy.  The sum of translational and rotational kinetic and potential energy within a system is referred to as mechanical energy. Nuclear energy refers to combined potentials within an atomic nucleus from either the nuclear force or the weak force. Mechanical energy is mechanical energy, while nuclear energy is nuclear energy.  The word energy derives from the Ancient Greek: \u00a0\u1f10\u03bd\u03ad\u03c1\u03b3\u03b5\u03ac, romanized: energeia, lit. energy. The word is energy. It is also known as energy, energy, and energy, which means energy.  'activity, operation' possibly appears for the first time in the work of Aristotle in the 4th century BC. It is thought to be the first word used in Aristotle's work of 'activity' and 'operation' in his work. The word may have been used in the name of the word 'activity', or 'operation', in 4th Century BC.  In contrast to the modern definition, energeia was a qualitative philosophical concept. It was broad enough to include ideas such as happiness and pleasure. The concept was a quantitative philosophical concept, broad enough for ideas such a happiness. It is now considered a modern definition of the concept of happiness.  Gottfried Leibniz proposed the idea of the Latin: vis viva, or living force, in the late 17th century. Vis viva is the product of the mass of an object and its velocity squared. He believed that total visviva was conserved.  Leibniz theorized that thermal energy consisted of the motions of the constituent parts of matter. It would be more than a century until this was generally accepted in the early 1900s. It was more than 100 years later accepted that this was the first way to account for slowing due to friction.  kinetic energy differs from vis viva only by a factor of two. The modern analog of this property is kinetic energy, kinetic energy. Kin Kinetic energy is a form of kinetic energy that can be used to create kinetic energy from a single molecule. Kinetic kinetic energy can be applied to a single atom atom atom, or a single particle, to a molecule.  \u00c9milie du Ch\u00e2telet proposed the concept of conservation of energy in the marginalia of her French language translation of Newton's Principia Mathematica. It represented the first formulation of a conserved measurable quantity that was distinct from momentum, and which would later be called energy.  Thomas Young was possibly the first to use the term \"energy\" instead of vis viva, in its modern sense. Thomas Young used the term in 1807 to refer to energy in his first use of the term 'energy' in his journal. Young was the first person to use that term in the modern sense of energy.  Gustave-Gaspard Coriolis described \"kinetic energy\" in 1829 in its modern sense. William Rankine coined the term \"potential energy\" for potential energy in 1853. In 1853, Rankine used the term potential energy to refer to potential potential energy.  The law of conservation of energy was first postulated in the early 19th century. It applies to any isolated system, and applies to isolated systems. The law was first put forward in the mid-19th century, and was first published in the 1880s. It was also first proposed in the late 1800s, and is now applied to isolated energy systems.  It was argued for some years whether heat was a physical substance, dubbed the caloric, or merely a physical quantity, such as momentum. Heat was argued to be the caloric substance, but not the physical substance. Heat is heat, not a substance, it is a quantity of physical quantity.  In 1845 James Prescott Joule discovered the link between mechanical work and the generation of heat. Joule was the first person to link mechanical work to the production of heat. Joule's work was discovered by Joule in 1845. He discovered that mechanical work could be used to generate heat.  These developments led to the theory of conservation of energy, formalized largely by William Thomson (Lord Kelvin) as the field of thermodynamics. The theory of energy conservation was formalized by Lord Kelvin as a result of the work of William Thomson, Lord Kelvin, William Thomson.  Thermodynamics aided the rapid development of explanations of chemical processes by Rudolf Clausius, Josiah Willard Gibbs, and Walther Nernst. Thermodynamic explanations were developed by Clausius and Gibbs in the 1930s and 1940s. They were used to explain chemical processes using thermodynamics.  It led to a mathematical formulation of the concept of entropy by Clausius and to the introduction of laws of radiant energy by Jo\u017eef Stefan. It also led to the theory of entropy and the introduction\u00a0of laws\u00a0of radiant\u00a0energy by Jo\u00a0Stefan\u00a0and\u00a0Clausius.  According to Noether's theorem, the conservation of energy is a consequence of the fact that the laws of physics do not change over time. According to the law of physics, energy conservation is a result of noether's\u00a0novel\u00a0theorent's\u00a0theorem.  Since 1918, theorists have understood that the law of conservation of energy is the direct mathematical consequence of the translational symmetry of the quantity conjugate to energy, namely time. Time is the result of the\u00a0transition\u00a0syphonic\u00a0symbolism\u00a0of the quantity\u00a0conjugate\u00a0to energy.  In 1843, James Prescott Joule independently discovered the mechanical equivalent in a series of experiments. The mechanical equivalent of the units of measure was created by Joule in 1843. Joule's work was published in the journal \"Science of the World\" in the United States.  The most famous of them used the \"Joule apparatus\": a descending weight, attached to a string, caused rotation of a paddle immersed in water, practically insulated from heat transfer. A descending weight caused rotation by a string of weight attached to the paddle in water.  It showed that the gravitational potential energy lost by the weight in descending was equal to the internal energy gained by the water through friction with the paddle. It showed the energy lost in descending is equal to that of the water gained through friction. It was used to test the theory of gravity potential energy in descending.  In the International System of Units (SI) the unit of energy is the joule, named after Joule. The unit is named after the energy unit of Joule, and is the Joule. Joule is a French word for electricity, and the energy equivalent to the Jovele. In the SI, the unit is a jovele, or the equivalent of energy.  It is a derived unit from the name of the first class of the World War II era. It was used to be used in the United States and Canada. It is also used to refer to the number of units used by the military in the U.S. It is now used as a military term for a number of countries.  It is equal to the energy expended (or work done) in applying a force of one newton through a distance of one metre. It is\u00a0equal\u00a0to the work done (or energy expended) by applying force of a newton\u00a0through a metre. The energy expended is equivalent to work done in applying force (or force) through a metre through a force.  Many other units, such as ergs, calories, British thermal units, kilowatt-hours and kilocalories, require conversion factor when expressed in SI units. Energy is also expressed in many other units not part of the SI, including ergs and calories.  SI unit of energy rate (energy per unit time) is the watt, which is a joule per second. The SI unit is the Watt, which means energy per unit unit time. The watt is the equivalent of a watt of energy per second or a kilogram of electricity.  One joule is one watt-second, and 3600 joules equal one watt hour. 3600\u00a0joules\u00a0equal\u00a0one watt-hour, one watt second, and one watt a watt a second. The Joule-hour is one of the most powerful electric engines in the world.  The CGS energy unit is the erg and the imperial and US customary units are the foot pound. The imperial and the US customary unit in the US is the footpound, the erg, and the erg is the energy unit of the CGS. The US customary and CGS customary unit of energy units is the the erg.  Other energy units such as the electronvolt, food calorie or thermodynamic kcal (based on the temperature change of water in a heating process), and BTU are used in specific areas of science and commerce. BTU is a unit of energy units used in science, commerce and science.  In classical mechanics, energy is a conceptually and mathematically useful property, as it is a conserved quantity. Energy is conserved in classical mechanics and is used in scientific research. It is also a useful property in physics as it's conserved by nature. In physics, energy can be used in a range of ways to solve problems.  Several formulations of mechanics have been developed using energy as a core concept. Energy has been used in many of the world's most complex forms of physics. The concept of energy is a core core concept of the physics of the universe, and energy has been developed in the past.  Work, a function of energy, is force times distance. Work is functioned by energy, and is a function function of force and distance. For example, work is force, force, and distance is force or distance, and work is work, work, energy, distance.  W is equal to the line integral of the force F along a path C; for details see the mechanical work article. The work (W) is equal in terms of the work (G) F, F, C, F and F. The W is a function of F along the path C. F is the function of force F on a path F along C.  Work and thus energy is frame dependent, frame dependent. The frame of the work is dependent on the work and the work it takes to be done in a frame. Work and energy are frame dependent on a frame, frame, rather than the work itself, work and energy is dependent.  For example, consider a ball being hit by a bat. Consider a ball hitting a bat by hitting a ball with a baseball bat. A ball is hit with a bat, but a ball is not hit by an object hitting a man with a ball at the top of the field.  In the center-of-mass reference frame, the bat does no work on the ball. The bat is used to make contact with the ball in order to make sure it hits the ball. The bat does not work on any of the balls in the frame of the frame.  In the reference frame of the person swinging the bat, considerable work is done on the ball. But, in the frame, the ball is more important than the frame of a swinger's eye. The ball is not the ball, but the frame is important to the bat's frame.  The total energy of a system is sometimes called the Hamiltonian, after William Rowan Hamilton. The Hamiltonian is the name of an energy-efficient system. It is sometimes known as \"Hamiltonian\" after Hamilton, the energy-efficiency of a given system. A system can also be called a Hamiltonian after Hamilton.  Classical equations of motion can be written in terms of the Hamiltonian, even for highly complex or abstract systems. The Hamiltonian can be used to explain complex systems of motion, such as highly complex systems. Hamiltonian equations can be applied to complex systems such as super-complex systems.  These classical equations have remarkably direct analogs in nonrelativistic quantum mechanics. Another energy-related concept is called the Lagrangian, after Joseph-Louis Lagrange. The Lagrange concept is known as the Lagrange Lagrange, after Lagrange's work on quantum physics.  This formalism is as fundamental as the Hamiltonian, and can be used to derive the equations of motion or be derived from them. It is also fundamental to the theory of motion, and both can be derived by this formalism. The Hamiltonian is a fundamental formalism, and it is used in many ways to work out the motion equation.  It was invented in the context of classical mechanics, but is generally useful in modern physics. It is used in classical mechanics but is useful in the modern world of physics, such as physics and quantum mechanics. It has been used in many ways in physics, including in physics and physics.  Lagrangian is defined as the kinetic energy minus the potential energy. Lagrangians are defined as kinetic energy\u00a0plus\u00a0the potential energy of potential energy\u00a0and kinetic energy. It is defined in terms of kinetic energy, potential energy and potential energy, and kinetic energy of the potential.  Lagrange formalism is mathematically more convenient than the Hamiltonian for non-conservative systems. Usually, Lagrange is more convenient for systems with friction, such as those with friction. The Hamiltonian is a more convenient formalism than the Lagrange-formalism for systems such as friction systems.  Noether's theorem (1918) states that any differentiable symmetry of the action of a physical system has a corresponding conservation law. The law says that any symmetry of a system's action has a similar conservation law to the law of a conservation law. The law states that a differentiable symmetric symmetry is necessary for a system to be differentiable.  Noether's theorem has become a fundamental tool of modern theoretical physics and the calculus of variations. It has been used as a tool in theoretical physics. Noether\u2019s theorem has also been used to develop the theory of variations in physics and physics. It is also a key tool in physics theory and physics theory.  A generalisation of the seminal formulations on constants of motion in Lagrangian and Hamiltonian mechanics (1788 and 1833) does not apply to systems that cannot be modeled with Lagrangians. For example, dissipative systems with continuous symmetries need not have a corresponding conservation law.  In the context of chemistry, energy is an attribute of a substance as a consequence of its atomic, molecular, or aggregate structure. Energy is a result of an atomic or molecular structure, such as the structure of an atom or molecular substance. An attribute of an attribute is a chemical substance's structure.  A chemical transformation is accompanied by a decrease in the energy of the substances involved. It is usually accompanied by an increase in the total energy of these kinds of structures. A change in one or more of these kind of structures is accompanied with a decrease of energy. A decrease in energy is also accompanied by changes in the structure of certain kinds of substances.  Some energy may be transferred between surroundings and reactants in the form of heat or light. The products of a reaction have sometimes more but usually less energy than the reactants. This is due to heat and light transfer of energy to the surroundings of reactants and surroundings.  A reaction is said to be exothermic or exergonic if the final state is lower on the energy scale than the initial state. In the less common case of endothermic reactions the situation is the reverse. The reaction is a reaction to a reaction that is more likely to have a lower energy scale.  Chemical reactions are usually not possible unless the reactants surmount an energy barrier known as the activation energy. The activation energy barrier is known as activation energy, a barrier between reactants and reactants. The reaction energy barrier prevents chemical reactions from being able to take place.  The speed of a chemical reaction (at a given temperature T) is related to the activation energy E by the Boltz. The activation energy of a reaction is also related to a reaction's speed at a temperature T. A chemical reaction is a reaction that takes place at a certain temperature at a time of T T. ",
  "84": " Grover's algorithm, also known as the quantum search algorithm, is a quantum algorithm for unstructured search that finds with high probability the unique input to a black box function that produces a particular output value, using just the input of the function. In quantum computing, Grover\u2019s algorithm finds with probability the input to the function produces a certain output value.  It was devised by Lov Grover in 1996. The analogous problem in classical computation cannot be solved in fewer than fewer than 50% of the domain. One has to check half the domain to get a 50% chance of finding the right input. The problem is equivalent to the problem of classical computation.  Charles H. Bennett, Ethan Bernstein, Gilles Brassard, and Umesh Vazirani proved that Grover's algorithm is asymptotically optimal. Any quantum solution to the problem needs to evaluate the function of the function  grotesquely-procedued function    (glyglyglyphobic) times, so Grover\u2019s algorithm is optimal.  Grover's algorithm provides at most a quadratic speedup over the classical solution for unstructured search. This suggests that it will not provide polynomial-time solutions for NP-complete problems. The square root of an exponential function is an exponential, not polynomorphic, function.  Grover's algorithm can be applied to speed up broad classes of algorithms. However, even quadratic speedup is considerable when using the algorithm. The algorithm is large and Grover can speed up some of the most complex algorithms in the world. Grover algorithm can also speed up other algorithms, such as complex algorithms.  Grover's algorithm could brute-force a 128-bit symmetric cryptographic key in roughly 264 iterations. A 256-bit key could be brute-forced in roughly 2128 iterations. The algorithm could be used to brute force a key in about 2128\u00a0iterations.  Grover's algorithm may not pose a significantly increased risk to encryption over existing classical algorithms, however. It may not be the case that Grover\u2019s algorithm poses a significantly greater risk to encrypting data. Grover may not have an increased risk over existing encryption algorithms.  Grover's algorithm, along with variants like amplitude amplification, can be used to speed up a broad range of algorithms. The algorithm can also be used in a range of other algorithms, such as amplitude amplification and amplitude amplification. It can be applied to a variety of algorithms, including the algorithm's amplitude amplification algorithm.  Grover's algorithm is used to speed up algorithms for NP-complete problems. In particular, algorithms for such problems contain exhaustive search as a subroutine. Grover algorithm can be sped up by using Grover to solve NP problems faster than any other algorithm. The algorithm uses exhaustive search to solve problems such as NP NP problems, such as search problems.  The current best algorithm for 3SAT is one such example. The algorithm is based on the current best algorithms for 3sAT. The current algorithm is the current version of the algorithm that uses 3sat to test students' knowledge of the SAT SATs. It is also known as the algorithm for SATSATs.  Generic constraint satisfaction problems also see quadratic speedups with Grover. Grover can be used to solve Grover's problem with constraint satisfaction satisfaction problems such as Grover\u2019s ability to find a solution to the problem of constraint satisfaction with a given constraint satisfaction problem.  These algorithms do not require that the input be given in the form of an oracle, since Grover's algorithm is being applied with an explicit function, e.g. The input is not being given in an explicit form of the algorithm. These algorithms are not required to require an explicit oracle to be given.  The function checking that a set of bits satisfies a 3SAT instance is called. The function is a function that checks that the bits satisfy a 3AT instance. The functions are used to check that a certain type of bits satisfy 3AT instances. The 3AT function is used to test 3ATs' ability to identify bits in 3AT sets.  Grover's algorithm can also give provable speedups for black-box problems in quantum query complexity, including element distinctness and the collision problem (solved with the Brassard\u2013H\u00f8yer\u2013Tapp algorithm) Grover algorithm can speed up speedups in quantum queries.  In these types of problems, one treats the oracle function f as a database, and the goal is to use the quantum query to this function as few times as possible. The goal of using quantum queries is to try to avoid using the function as little as possible possible.  Grover's algorithm essentially solves the task of function inversion. It solves the problem of function-inversion. Grover is a cryptographer who specializes in cryptography. He says Grover solved the problem with Grover algorithm's algorithm in a new way. Grovers algorithm solves the puzzle of the algorithm's problem.  Grover's algorithm allows us to calculate a function  that can be evaluated on a quantum computer. Grover\u2019s algorithm lets us calculate the function   when given a function that can't be evaluated. The algorithm can be used to evaluate a function such as a function on the quantum computer, or a function of a function.  Grover's algorithm gives broad asymptotic speed-ups to many kinds of brute-force attacks on symmetric-key cryptography, including collision attacks and pre-image attacks. It also gives broad speed-up to attacks on collision attacks, pre-images attacks and collision attacks.  The parallel rho algorithm is able to find a collision in SHA2 more efficiently than Grover's algorithm. However, this may not necessarily be the most efficient algorithm since, for example, it may not be the best algorithm to find collision in a SHA2 collision more efficiently.  Grover's original paper described the algorithm as a database search algorithm. This description is still common. The algorithm was originally intended to be a database-search algorithm. It was originally described as an algorithm for database search algorithms. Grover has a number of limitations on his algorithm.  The database in this analogy is a table of all of the function's outputs, indexed by the corresponding input. The database is a database of all the functions' output and output data. It is an analogy to the database database of a function's output and input data.  However, this database is not represented explicitly. However, it is not explicitly stated that this database does not represent the majority of the database. The database is based on a database that was created in the 1990s. It was created for the first time, but is now being used in the United States.  An oracle is invoked to evaluate an item by its index. Instead of an oracle, the oracle was invoked by a oracle to evaluate the item by an index. The oracle's index is then used to evaluate items by their index of an item.  Reading a full database item by item may take a lot longer than Grover's search. Reading the full database will take a long time, but Grover can find it easy to search for items in the database. Grover will be able to search the database for items by item, then convert them into a representation.  Grover's algorithm can be viewed as solving an equation or satisfying a constraint. To account for such effects, Grover can be seen as solving a constraint or satisfying an equation. The algorithm can also be used to solve an equation, or satisfy a constraint, by solving a given problem.  In such applications, the oracle is a way to check the constraint and is not related to the search algorithm. The oracle can be used to check out the constraints of a search algorithm, such as the constraint of a given constraint. In some cases, it is used as a way of checking the constraints and not necessarily related to search algorithms.  This separation usually prevents algorithmic optimization. Conventional search algorithms often rely on such optimization and avoid exhaustive search. This separation often prevents optimization and avoids exhaustive search. This separation prevents optimization of exhaustive search algorithms, such as Google's exhaustive search algorithm, which often avoids exhaustive searches.  The quadratic speedup achieved is too modest to overcome the large overhead of near-term quantum computers. Fast Grover's oracle implementation is possible for many constraint satisfaction and optimization problems. The major barrier to instantiating a speedup is that it is too small to overcome.  Later generations of fault-tolerant quantum computers may be able to realize these speedups for practical instances of data. However, later generations of quantum computers with better hardware performance may not realize this speedup. Quantum computers could also be used to solve problems of quantum computing problems.  Grover's algorithm is a function that generates a function called a function. The function is the function function that produces a function of input input. The algorithm's function function is function function function. Grover algorithm uses function function functions to generate function functions. Problem description: Problem description. Problem description.  In the \"unstructured database\" analogy, the domain represent indices to a database, and f(x) = 1 if and only if the data that x points to satisfies the search criterion. In this case, f is defined as a function of the domain.  We additionally assume that only one index satisfies f(x) = 1, and we call this index \u03c9. This index is called f(f(x), and it is assumed to be a positive index. We call it \u03c9, and this index is a negative index of positive index of negative index.  Our goal is to identify \u03c9. We are trying to find the answer to \u03c9, \u03c9. We hope to find a solution to the mystery of \u03c9 and \u03c9 in the future. We will then try and find a new way to identify the answer.  We can access f with a subroutine (sometimes called an oracle) in the form of a unitary operator U\u03c9 that acts as follows: U.O. U. O.O is a U.U.O. O. is an operator that acts like a U-O. operator. The operator acts as a user-only operator. We use the operator to access the operator\u2019s code.  The definition of the term \"categorically\" is defined as \"cercerceric\" and \"cericaric\" The definition is based on a number of words used to define the meaning of the word \"ciracaricary,\" \"crisicary\" or \"cercicary\", \"ceramicary\". The definition means \"caricary\"; \"ceracyary\" is \"crivolous\"; \"cristicary;\" \"crosaic\" is a form of form of identity.  This uses the   \u00a0-dimensional state space. The state space is defined as a register with a register supplied by a register. The register is used to supply the register with the state of state space. The register has a log number of qubits. The log number is used in the state space of the state.  This is often written as    The Proniglioan, or the Pronigoan, is often used as a form of form. It is written as \"Pronigioan,\" or \"Pornioan\" or \"Portugioan\", or \"porporicioan\". It is also written \"poriciopioan\"; \"pronigiroan\"  U.O.C.R: U.C: X: x: F(x) = (1) f (x) f(x), x: (x: x) x: x : x: y: x=f(x, y: y=x, x: f(y) y: Y: x. y=y: y. x: Y=y=y. Y=x: y-y-y=x. Y-y. y-x: Y-x=y-x. Y-Y-y: X=Y-x. X=y. X: X.Y-Y: X is  Grover's algorithm outputs \u03c9 with probability at least 1/2 using \u03c9. The algorithm uses \u03c9 to output probability of a probability of 1-2. Grover uses the algorithm's algorithm to solve the problem of \u03c9 probability with probability of at least 2/2.  Grover's algorithm can be made arbitrarily large by running the algorithm multiple times. The probability of a large probability is made by running Grover the algorithm repeatedly. This probability can be increased to an arbitrarily large number of times. Grover algorithm runs Grover algorithms multiple times to make the probability large.  Grover's algorithm until \u03c9 is found, the expected number of applications is still expected. The algorithm will only be run twice on average, since it will only run twice as long as \u03c9 can be run. Grover has a formula for the algorithm to find \u03c9, and the algorithm is based on the fact that \u03c9 has been found.  This section compares the above oracle with an alternative oracle definition of an oracle. The definition of the oracle is based on an alternative definition. The oracle has been defined as an \"an oracle\" and an \"oracle\" The definition is defined as a \"provocative oracle\"; the definition is an \"objective oracle;\" the definition of this definition is a \"projective\" ",
  "85": " The regulation of sport is usually done by a sport governing body for each sport, resulting in a core of relatively invariant, agreed rules. Sport governing bodies usually do this in order to ensure that the rules are consistent with each sport's\u00a0regulations\u00a0for each sport.  People responsible for leisure activities often seek recognition and respectability as sports by joining sports federations such as the International Olympic Committee or by forming their own regulatory body. Sports organisations such as sport federations join the IOC, or form their own body to ensure they are recognised as a sport.  Sports evolve from leisure activity to more formal sports. BMX cycling, snowboarding, wrestling, etc. are relatively recent newcomers to sports such as BMX, snowboarding, wrestling and BMX racing. Sport has evolved from leisure activities to formal sports, such as snowboarding and wrestling.  Some of these activities have been popular but uncodified pursuits for different lengths of time. Some of the activities have not been known to be\u00a0unofficial\u00a0for more than a decade. Others have been found to be popular but not\u00a0undecodified\u00a0activities\u00a0for a long time.  The formal regulation of sport is a relatively modern and increasing development of the sport's governing body. It is an increasing development in the world of sport, with regulation of sports regulation becoming more widespread in recent years. Sport is now regulated by the governing body of sport in order to ensure the sport is regulated.  This method promotes a sport globally, in a very successful way. This method is very successful. It promotes the sport globally. It is a successful way to promote a sport worldwide. It's very successful, it's very important to promote the sport worldwide, it has been said.  It promotes the universality of each sport, by ensuring that the same gameplay rules are being practiced worldwide, using a standardized/homogenous international gameplay rule system (sanctioned by the respective international sports governing bodies) that is applied uniformly on all member associations and recognized leagues.  FIFA in association football and FIBA in basketball have regulated international gameplay rules that are even practiced within US sports leagues today, despite not practicing them historically. The rules are regulated by international governing bodies such as FIFA in football, basketball and FIFA in basketball. Many US leagues weren't recognized by FIFA in the past, until they adopted international rules.  In the sport of basketball, the defender/defense cannot call foul. In basketball, a defender/defender cannot call a foul in order to keep fouled. The defender and defense cannot be allowed to call foul in a game of basketball. A foul is not allowed to be called by the defender or defense.  Formula One motor racing is an example of strict and changing regulation. The regulating body appears to control rather than to simply define the sport. Formula One is one of the most popular forms of motor racing in the world. The sport is now being regulated by the governing body of Formula One.  There have been major changes in the rules of F1 recently, almost on an annual basis, and more are planned. More changes are planned to be made in the coming years, including changes to the Formula One rulebook. F1 rules have been changed almost on a yearly basis in recent years.  Sometimes this is done for safety reasons, sometimes to make the racing more interesting as a spectator sport, and sometimes to promote competition through involvement of smaller teams. Sometimes it is done to make it more interesting for spectators, or to promote the sport more interesting to smaller teams, such as small teams.  Some changes make overtaking more probable for example or reduce the probability of an overwhelming technical advantage by any one team. Some changes reduce the likelihood of overtaking by any team to make it more likely to be overtaken. Changes can also be made to reduce the chance of an outright advantage by a single team.  Although heavily regulated, most people agree that the sport has greatly benefitted, not least through dramatic leaps in safety. Most agree that sport has thereby greatly benefited from the sport's regulation. The sport has since become safer and safer, and has been made safer by more stringent regulations.  The degree of organisation can vary from national or worldwide competitions for the sport. It can occur in    purely ad hoc, spontaneous way, or it can be in  a purely  spontaneous way. Organised competitions can take place in national or  worldwide competitions or in ad hoc way.  A sport may be played individually (e.g. Individual sport) is played in a sport. Individual sport is a form of form of individual sport. Sport is a sport played individually by a person or by a group of people. Individual sports are played in individual sports, such as individual sports.  Time trialling in cycling or in a team,  or just for recreation and well being (e.g. time trialling) or in team, or for recreation, is a key part of the cycling world's cycling community. For more information, visit www.cycling.org.uk for details.  Swimming.swimming.swimming (swimming) in the United States. Swimming in the U.S. has a history of swimming in the past. Swimming is considered an important part of the Olympic swimming family. The Olympic Games is held in New York City, New Jersey, USA.  Some challenging situations have had to be dealt with when  there is an overlap of the regulation of the sport with other forms of regulation, e.g. The sport's governing body has had to deal with the overlap of its regulation with the other regulation forms of sport.  Safety (There have been serious losses of life in football audiences, through stand collapses or poor crowd management) or simple laws of the land (Some inadvertent or otherwise physical interchanges occur between participants) When is it acceptable for the sport regulating authority alone to investigate and if necessary punish these?  Can there be economic or public relations pressures affecting these issues? Can these pressures affect the public's view of the world? Can they affect the world's image of the U.S. as a nation of nations? Can this be the case of a nation's first African-American president? Can the world of African-Americans be affected by these pressures?  The broadcasting of sports events is also highly regulated, with contracts limiting who can show footage. The broadcast of events such as football matches is also regulated by broadcasters such as Sky Sports. The sport's broadcasting of events has also been heavily regulated by its broadcasters. The broadcasting rights of broadcasters are also tightly regulated by their contracts.  Sporting regulation lessons at SportsProMedia are part of a series of lessons aimed at women's sport regulation. The legislation was passed by the U.S. Women's Sports Act in 1996. The bill was passed under the name of 'fairness in women's sports' legislation. It is the first time the legislation has been passed by women's sporting bodies. ",
  "86": " This is a list of presidents of the United States by other offices (either elected or appointed) held. This list includes the U.S. President Barack Obama, President George W. Bush, President John Bush and President Richard Nixon. The list is also included in a chart of the presidents of both countries from 1953 to 2009.  Every president of the United States except Donald Trump has served as at least one of the following: vice president, governor, Cabinet secretary, general of the U.S. Army, member of Congress, governor of a state, or member of the executive branch. Donald Trump is the only president to have served as a vice president.  Humphrey, Mondale, and Gore received their party's nominations. Nixon received his party's nomination. Humphrey was the only candidate to receive a nomination for president in 1968. Nixon was nominated for president of the United States in 1972, 1972, 1976, 1981, 1986.  Nixon would later be elected in a second run for the presidency. Nixon was elected to the presidency in 1972. He would later run for president again and win the White House in 1964. Nixon would be elected again in 1972, 1964 and 1964. He was elected president of the United States in 1968.  Calvin Coolidge (as the vice president) and Herbert Hoover both served in the Cabinet of Warren G. Harding. Hoover and Coolidge both served as Cabinet secretaries in Harding's Cabinet. Harding was Harding's first president. Hoover was the first president of the Harding administration.  Monroe served under Vice President Adams (1790\u20131794) Monroe served in the Senate from 1790-1794. Monroe served as a vice president of the United States from 1794-1796. Monroe also served as an ambassador to the U.S. from 1788-1788.  Jackson served under Vice President Jefferson (1797\u20131798) Jackson served as Jefferson's Vice President in 1797-1798. Jackson served in Washington, D.C., from 1797 to 1798. He served as President Jefferson's Secretary of State of War (1798-1797)  Jackson later served with Van Buren (1823\u20131825) Jackson served with the President of the U.S. from 1823 to 1825. Jackson was killed in the Battle of the Civil War, which ended in 1818. Jackson served in Washington, Washington, Indiana and New York.  Van Buren also served with W.H.W.H., who died in 18th Century. He was also a member of the National Guard. Van Bureuren served with President Lincoln Lincoln in the early 1900s. He died in 1918, his wife died in a house fire in Washington, DC.  Harrison (1825\u20131828) and Tyler (1827-1828). Harrison and Tyler were married at the end of the 18th century. Harrison died in 1828. Tyler was married to Harrison in 1827-28 years of marriage. Tyler died in prison in 1831.  Buchanan also served with Tyler (1834\u20131836) and later served with Pierce (1837\u20131842) Buchanan was also a member of the cabinet of statesmen in Washington, D.C. and New York. He served with both Tyler and Pierce at the time of his presidency.  Buchanan and Tyler served under Vice President Van Buren (1833\u20131837), while Buchanan and Pierce later served under VP Tyler (1841) Pierce and Buchanan served under President Pierce (1843\u20131844) Both served in the same period of time as the President of the United States.  B.B. Harrison briefly served under Vice President Arthur (1881) Harrison served as President of the United States from 1881 to 1881. Harrison served in Washington, D.C. and New York. Harrison was a member of the Cabinet at the time of his presidency.  L.L. Johnson served with both Nixon (1950\u20131953) and Kennedy (1953\u20131960) L. Johnson also served with Nixon (1949-1953), Kennedy (1960-1961) Johnson was married to Richard Nixon, who died in 1968. L.J. Johnson was also married to John Kennedy.  L. Johnson and Kennedy both served under Vice President Nixon (1953\u20131961) L. Kennedy served as President Nixon's Secretary of State during his presidency. Kennedy and Johnson served together under Nixon in the early '60s. Kennedy served in office in Washington, DC, D.C.  James A. Garfield was elected senator for Ohio in 1880, but he did not take up the office due to being elected President later that year. Biden served under vice presidents Ford (1973\u20131974) and Bush (1981\u20131989) and later served with Obama (2005\u20132008)  Seven former senators (Monroe, Adams, Jackson, W.H. Jackson, Monroe, Adams and Jackson) have served in the U.S. Senate. Seven of the former senators have been elected to the Senate. They were elected to represent the United States in 1973.  Harrison, Pierce, Buchanan, and B. Harrison were elected to the presidency without ever serving as the vice president between their departure from the Senate and the beginning of their presidencies. Pierce, Harrison, Buchanan and Harrison never served as vice president. Harrison and Pierce were elected without serving as vice presidents. Pierce and Harrison were not vice presidents at the time of their presidency.  A number of future and former presidents served in the House together. Jackson served with Madison (1796\u20131797) Jackson served in 1796-1797 with Madison. The House of Representatives is one of the longest-serving members of Congress to serve in a single House.  W.H.W.H.'S. was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives. He served in Washington, D.C. and New York City. He died at the age of 92. He was awarded a Congressional Medal of Honor for his work in New York.  Harrison served with Tyler (1816\u20131819) Harrison served in the Federal War of 1816 with Tyler. Harrison died in the Battle of Gettysburg, Massachusetts, in 1818. Harrison was a major commander of the American Revolutionary War. He died in 1815 in a battle for the Union States.  Buchanan served with Polk (1825\u20131831) Buchanan served in Polk's Polk administration. Buchanan served as Polk's secretary of statesman in Washington, D.C. Polk died in 1831 in a house firehouse firehouse explosion. Buchanan was a major leader in Washington.  Polk also served with J. Q. Adams (1831\u20131839) Polk served with Adams in 1831-1839. Polk was also a member of the cabinet of statesmen in Washington, D.C. and New York. He died in 1839.  Adams served with Fillmore (1833\u20131835; 1837\u20131843), Pierce (1837), A. Johnson (1843\u20131848), and Lincoln (1847) Adams later served in Washington, D.C., New York, New York and New York.  A.A. Johnson and Lincoln would continue to serve alongside each other (1848\u20131849) A. Lincoln and A. Johnson would serve together in the U.S. at the end of the 18th century. Lincoln and Johnson would continue their service together in 1848-1849.  Garfield served with both Hayes (1865\u20131867) and McKinley (1877\u20131880) Garfield also served with McKinley in 1877-1880. Garfield was a member of both the Hayes administration and the McKinley administration. He served with President McKinley, President Lincoln Lincoln and President George Lincoln.  Nixon served with L. Johnson (1947\u20131949), Kennedy (1948\u20131950), and Ford (1949\u20131950) He served with Kennedy, Johnson, Ford, Nixon, Ford and Nixon. Nixon also served with Johnson, Kennedy, and Ford.  Ford continued to serve alongside Kennedy (1950\u20131953), and later served with G. H. W. Bush (1967\u20131971) Ford served with President Kennedy (1953\u20131956) Ford also served with the President of the United States (1961\u20131962)  See below for information about pre-1776 colonial offices held. The Continental Congress was formed in 1776. See below to see how colonial offices were used in the colonial era of colonial times. See how colonial powers were used to govern state and territorial governments. See here for more information about colonial colonial offices.  Presidents who had not previously held elective office had previous experience in government or the military. Presidents with previous military experience had previous military experiences. Presidents who ran for office in Colonial and confederate governments had no previous elective experience in the military or government. The U.S. Senate and House of Representatives have been elected to the presidency. ",
  "87": " A stadium (pl.A stadium) is a place in a stadium. A stadium is a stadium or stadium. The stadium is used to refer to the stadium. Stadium is a venue used to be used to play host to spectators. Stadium stadiums are used to host events such as events in the World Cup.  A stadium is a place or venue for (mostly) outdoor sports, concerts, or other events. It consists of a field or stage either partly or completely surrounded by a tiered structure designed to allow spectators to stand or sit and view the event. Pausanias noted that for about half a century the only event at the ancient Greek Olympic festival was the race that comprised one length of the stadion at Olympia.  Other popular stadium sports include gridiron football, baseball, cricket, rugby, field lacrosse, bandy, and bullfighting. Other stadiums sports include rugby, football, cricket and the various codes of rugby. Other stadium sports such as bandy and bandy are also popular.  Large sports venues are also used for concerts. Many large sports venues have been used to host concerts. The majority of concerts are held at large venues in the United States. The United States is home to a large number of concerts in the U.S. and Canada.  \"Stadium\" is a measure of length equalling the length of 600 human feet. It is the Latin form of the Greek word \"stadion\" (\u03c3\u03c4\u03ac\u03b4\u03b4\u03b9\u03ac) The stadium is a stadium with a diameter of 600 feet.  The length of a stadion depends on the exact length adopted for 1 foot at a given place and time. As feet are of variable length, the length of the stadium depends on how long a foot is adopted for each foot. A foot is a foot length of 1 foot in a stadium, and the length is the length used for a foot in the stadium.  1 stadion = 600 ft (180 m) may actually signify a length up to 15% larger or smaller. The equivalent Roman measure, the stadium, had a similar length \u2013 about 185 m (607 ft) \u2013 but instead of being defined in feet was defined using Roman standard passus to be a distance of 125 pass\u016bs.  The English use of the stadium comes from the tiered infrastructure surrounding a Roman track of such length. The English word comes from a tiered structure surrounding the length of the Roman track. The stadium was built in the Roman era and is now known as a Roman stadium.  Most dictionaries provide for both stadiums and stadia as valid English plurals. Stadiums and stadiums are considered to be a valid English\u00a0platitude\u00a0in most dictionaries. Most dictionaryaries provide both stadiums and stadiums as valid\u00a0platsions\u00a0in English.  The oldest known stadium is the Stadium at Olympia in Olympia in Greece, where the ancient Olympic Games were held from 776 BC. The stadium at Olympia is the birthplace of the Olympic Games, where they were held in the ancient Olympia Stadium. The oldest stadium in the world is Olympia, which was built for the Games in 776BC.  Initially the Games consisted of a single event, a sprint along the length of the stadium. The Games were initially the only events held at the Games. The sprint was a sprint sprint over a length length of a stadium. It was the first time the Games had been held in a single competition.  Greek and Roman stadiums have been found in numerous ancient cities, perhaps the most famous being the Stadium of Domitian, in Rome. The most famous is the stadium in Rome, which is located in the Roman capital. The stadium was built in the ancient Roman city of Rome.  The excavated and refurbished ancient Panathenaic Stadium hosted attempted revivals of the Olympic Games in 1870 and 1875. The first modern Olympics in 1896, the 1906 Intercalated Games, and some events of the 2004 Summer Olympics, were held in the stadium.  The excavation and refurbishment of the stadium was part of the legacy of the Greek national benefactor Evangelos Zappas. The stadium was the first ancient stadium to be used in modern times. It was also the first to be excavated and refurbished by the same benefactor.  At first only the Greeks built structures called \"stadium\"; Romans built \"circus\" at first. The stadium was built for different purposes in ancient Greece and Rome. At first, the stadium was called \"circumumum\"; at first, it was called a stadium. In ancient Greece, the stadiums were known as 'circus'  Greek stadia were for foot races, whereas the Roman circus was for horse races. Roman stadia was for foot racing, and for horse racing. Roman circivals were for the horse races, rather than foot races. Stadia were used for foot and horse races in ancient times of Roman times.  Both had similar shapes and bowl-like areas around them for spectators. Both had bowls-shaped areas for spectators for spectators. Both were designed to be bowl-shaped and have similar shapes to each other. Both were created in a bid to attract more spectators to the stadium.  The Greeks also developed the theatre, with its seating arrangements foreshadowing those of modern stadiums. The theatre also foreshadowed the seating arrangements of modern stadium seating. The Greek theatre was also developed by the ancient Greeks in the 1930s and 1940s, with seating arrangements similar to that of modern football stadiums.  The Romans copied the theatre, then expanded it to accommodate larger crowds and more elaborate settings. The theatre was built in the Roman times of the early Roman times. It was then expanded to accommodate more and larger audiences. The Romans expanded the theatre to accommodate bigger crowds and larger settings.  The Romans also developed the double-sized round theatre called amphitheatre, seating crowds in the tens of thousands for gladiatorial combats and beast shows. The theatre was also used in gladiator fights, beast shows and animal shows. It was also the first theatre in the world to be built in Rome.  The Greek stadium and theatre and the Roman circus and amphitheatre are all ancestral to the modern stadium. The modern stadium was built in the 1930s. The stadium was the birthplace of the first stadium in the Greek theatre and theatre. It was also used in the Roman theatre and circus.  The first stadiums to be built in the modern era were basic facilities, designed for the single purpose of fitting as many spectators in as possible. The first stadium was designed to fit as many people as possible in order to accommodate more than 100,000 spectators. The stadiums were designed to accommodate the maximum number of spectators in a stadium.  The first such structures were built in the late Victorian era of association football in the United Kingdom and baseball in the U.S. The first were built after the growth in the popularity of organised sport in the UK and the United States in the same period of the Victorian era.  The Lansdowne Road Stadium was the brainchild of Henry Dunlop, who organised the first All Ireland Athletics Championships. The first All Irish Athletics Championships was held in Dublin in 1896. Lansdownen Road was the first stadium to host the All Ireland athletics Championships.  Banned from locating sporting events at Trinity College, Dunlop built the stadium in 1872. Trinity College has been banned from holding sporting events in Trinity College. Trinity's stadium was built in the 1872 and is named Trinity Hall of Fame. Trinity were banned from using the stadium to hold sporting events.  \"I laid down a cinder running path of a quarter-mile, laid down the present Lansdowne Tennis Club ground with my own theodolite,\" he said. He also started a tennis club, archery club, cricket club and cricket club, and last, but not least, Rugby Football Club.  Some 300 cartloads of soil from a trench beneath the railway were used to raise the ground. Dunlop used his engineering expertise to create a pitch envied around Ireland. The pitch was built in a trench under the railway and is now being used to build a stadium in Dublin.  Stamford Bridge stadium (opened in 1877 for the London Athletic Club) and Anfield stadium (1884 as a venue for Everton F.C.) Other early stadiums from this period in the UK include Stamford Bridge and Anfield. Anfield stadium was opened in 1884 for the Liverpool Football Club.  In the U.S. professional baseball teams built large stadiums mainly out of wood, with the first such venue being the South End Grounds in Boston, opened in 1871 for the team then known as the Boston Beaneaters (now the Atlanta Braves) in Boston.  Many of these parks caught fire, and those that did not proved inadequate proved inadequate for a growing game. Many of the parks that caught fire were found to be inadequate, and many of them caught fire. Those that caught the fire proved inadequate, with many of the park's parks catching fire.  All of the 19th-century wooden parks were replaced, some after a few years, and none survive today. None of the original wooden parks survive today, and some have since been replaced. Some of the wooden parks have been replaced in the 1960s, but none have survived today.  Goodison Park was the first purpose-built association football stadium in the world. It was built in the 1920s and was the world's first purpose built football stadium. Everton's stadium was built for the first time in the modern era of football. Everton played their first game in the Premier League at the age of 21.  Walton-based building firm Kelly brothers were instructed to erect two uncovered stands that could each accommodate 4,000 spectators. The stands were each able to each accommodate four,000 people. Kelly brothers built the stands in two areas of the stadium in Walton, Walton, which were built by the Kelly brothers.  A third covered stand accommodating 3,000 spectators was also requested. Third covered stand was requested for third stand. The request was met with a request of more than 2,000 seats in total. A third stand was also proposed for the event in a bid to accommodate 3,500 spectators.  Everton officials were impressed with the builder's workmanship and agreed two further contracts. Exterior hoardings were constructed at a cost of \u00a3150 and 12 turnstiles were installed at \u00a37 each. Everton officials also agreed two more contracts with the contractor for \u00a3150.  The stadium was officially opened on 24 August 1892 by Lord Kinnaird and Frederick Wall of the Football Association. The stadium is located in Glasgow, Scotland, and was built in 1892. It was the first stadium to be officially opened in Scotland by the Scottish Football Association of the day.  12,000 watched a short track and field event followed by music and a fireworks display. No football was played; instead the crowd watched a track event. Music and fireworks were also part of the fireworks display at the end of the event. It was the first time a football match had been held in a football stadium since 1982.  The stadium was the first joint purpose-built football stadium in the world. The architect Archibald Leitch brought his experience with the construction of industrial buildings to bear on the design of functional stadiums up and down the country.Upon its completion the stadium was. the world's first ever joint purpose built football stadium.  His work encompassed the first 40 years of the 20th century. His work was published in the 1930s and 1940s. He was born in 1941 and died in 1961. He is credited with many of the world's most famous works of art, including the works of Charles Darwin and Alfred Hitchcock.  One of his most notable designs was Old Trafford in Manchester. Old Trafford was built in the 1930s and is now owned by Manchester United. He was also involved in the construction of Manchester United in the 1960s and 1980s. He designed the Manchester United football stadium in the 1920s.  The ground was originally designed with a capacity of 100,000 spectators and featured seating in the south stand under cover, while the remaining three stands were left as terraces and uncovered. The south stand was left as a terrace and uncovered, with the other three stands being used as terraced terraces.  The first Olympic Games was held in 1896 in Athens, Greece. It was the first stadium to feature continuous seating along the contours of the stadium. These early venues, originally designed to host football matches, were adopted for use by the Olympic Games. The first one of the games was the 1896 Olympic Games in Athens.  The White City Stadium was built for the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. It is often cited as the first modern seater stadium, at least in the UK. The stadium was built in 1908 for the Olympic Games in London, England. It was also known as the \"first modern\u00a0seater\u00a0stadium\u00a0in the UK\"  King Edward VII opened the stadium in 1908 with a seating capacity of 68,000. The stadium was built on the site of the Franco-British Exhibition. It was completed in 10 months by George Wimpey and opened in 1908. It has a capacity of\u00a068,000 seats.  Upon completion, the stadium had a running track 24 ft wide (7.3 m) and three laps to the mile (536 m) Outside there was a 35-foot-wide (11 m), 660-yard (600 m) cycle track. The stadium was completed in 2007.  The infield included a swimming and diving pool. The infield was also included a pool and a diving pool at the base of the stadium. The stadium was built in the 1960s and 1960s. It was the first time the stadium had been built in four years. The site was also home to a swimming pool and other sports facilities.  The London Highbury Stadium was the first stadium in the UK to feature a two-tiered seating arrangement when it was redesigned in the Art Deco style in 1936. The stadium was built in 1913 and features two tiers of seating arrangements. It was designed in the 1930s and 1936.  The Baker Bowl is a baseball park in Philadelphia that opened in 1887 but was completely rebuilt in 1895. It was the first baseball park to be rebuilt in a major stadium in the city's history. Baker Bowl broke new ground in stadium construction in two major ways, including in its original form and in its modern form.  The stadium's second incarnation featured the world's first cantilevered second deck (tier) in a sports venue. It was the first baseball park to use steel and brick for the majority of its construction. The stadium was first to have cantileved second deck in sports venues.  Boston's Harvard Stadium was built in 1903 by Harvard University for its American football team and track and field program. The stadium was also used by the Harvard University football team. Boston's stadium was built for the football and track teams of the University of Massachusetts in 1903. Harvard Stadium is one of the most famous American football stadiums in history.  It was the world's first stadium to use concrete-and-steel construction. It was also the first stadium in the world to be built in concrete and steel. The stadium was the first of its type of stadium to be constructed in concrete-to-steel style. It is now the only stadium in existence in existence.  In 1909, concrete-and-steel construction came to baseball with the opening of Shibe Park in Philadelphia and Forbes Field in Pittsburgh. Forbes Field was a few months later, in Pittsburgh, also opened in 1909. In 1910, Forbes Field became the first baseball stadium to be built in concrete and steel.  The latter was the world's first three-tiered sporting venue. The venue was the first of its kind. It was also the first three tiers of a three-tier sporting venue in the world. The first three levels of a sports venue were built in the 1930s.  The opening of these parks marked the start of the \"jewel box\" era of park construction. It was the beginning of the 'jewel-box' era of parks construction in the 1930s and '60s. The parks were the first of its first parks to be built in New York City.  The largest stadium crowd ever was 199,854 people watching the final match of the 1950 World Cup at Rio de Janeiro's Maracan\u00e3 on 16 July 1950. The largest crowd ever watched the final game of the World Cup in Brazil was the final World Cup match in 1950.  Dome stadiums are distinguished from conventional stadiums by their enclosing roofs. Dome stadiums have an enclosing roof. Dome stadium is a dome stadium with a roof that is covered by a dome. Dome football stadiums are also known to be domed stadiums with roofs that are covered by roofed roofs.  Many of these are not actually domes in the pure architectural sense, some being better described as vaults, some having truss-supported roofs and others having more exotic designs such as a tensegrity structure. Some of these buildings are better called vaults or vaults.  The first enclosed stadium, the Houston Astrodome, was built with an actual dome-shaped roof. But, in the context of sports stadiums, the term \"dome\" has become standard for all covered stadiums, particularly because the first such enclosed stadium was built in Houston, Texas.  Some stadiums have partial roofs, and a few have even been designed to have moveable fields as part of the infrastructure. A few stadiums have been designed for stadiums to have a moveable field field. Some stadiums are even designed to be able to play on moveable pitches.  Caesars Superdome in New Orleans is a true dome structure made of a lamellar multi-ringed frame and has a diameter of 680 feet (210 m) The dome structure is made from a multi-layered frame and is a dome structure.  Dome stadiums are large enough for outdoor sports such as athletics, American football, association football, rugby, and baseball. Dome stadium is the largest fixed domed structure in the world. Dome Stadium is largest fixed dome structure in world, and is largest dome stadium in world.  Those designed for what are usually indoor sports like basketball, ice hockey and volleyball are generally called arenas. Those built for indoor sports such as basketball and ice hockey are generally known as arenas. The arenas are often called arenas and are generally designed for sports like ice hockey, basketball and volleyball.  Cameron Indoor Stadium is home to Duke University's Blue Devils men and women's basketball programs. Cameron is also home to the Duke University women's and men's basketball teams. Cameron's stadium is the largest indoor stadium in the world, with capacity for more than 100,000 fans.  Red Bull Arena is home to Major League Soccer's New York Red Bulls and NJ/NY Gotham FC of the National Women's Soccer League. The open-air venue is located in New York City, New York. The venue is also home to New York's Gotham FC.  Paris La D\u00e9fense Arena is a domed stadium that is home to the rugby union club Racing. The stadium is located in Paris, France, and hosts the French club Racing Racing. It is the first stadium in the world to host rugby union clubs Racing and Paris Saint-Germain. ",
  "88": " Credit risk is the possibility of losing a lender due to a risk of default on a debt that may arise from a borrower failing to make required payments. Credit risk may arise when a borrower fails to pay required payments to repay a debt owed to a lender. Lenders may lose the money they hold due to the risk of a default on the debt.  The risk is that of the lender and includes lost principal and interest, disruption to cash flows, and increased collection costs. In the first resort, the risk is the lender's loss of principal, interest and interest and disruption to the cash flows. The first resort is that the lender, and the risk of the loss of interest and principal.  The loss may be complete or partial. The loss is the loss of one of the world's most significant pieces of human life. The losses may be in proportionate proportionate to the amount of damage caused by a single loss, or a loss of life in a single state.  In an efficient market, higher levels of credit risk will be associated with higher borrowing costs. Inefficient market means borrowing costs will be higher than in efficient market. Credit risk is associated with high borrowing costs, according to experts in the U.S. market. In efficient markets, borrowing costs should be higher, they say, in efficient markets.  Measures of borrowing costs such as yield spreads can be used to infer credit risk levels based on assessments by market participants. Because of this, measures of borrowing cost such as yields spreads can also be used by investors to assess credit risk. The market is now using yield spreads as a benchmark to gauge credit risk in credit risk, according to analysts.  A consumer may fail to make a payment due on a mortgage loan, credit card, line of credit, or other loan. Losses can arise in a number of circumstances, such as a failure to pay a bill or a credit card payment. A loss can occur in a variety of circumstances such as mortgage, credit, credit cards, credit and other loans.  A company is unable to repay asset-secured fixed or floating charge debt. A company cannot repay a company's debt. The debt is a result of a company not being able to repay the debt they owe. The company cannot afford to repay assets that are in debt to repay.  A business or consumer does not pay a trade invoice when due. A trade invoice is not paid when it is due. Businesses or consumers do not pay trade invoices when they are owed a trade bill. A consumer may not pay an invoice when it comes to an invoice.  A business does not pay an employee's earned wages when due. Businesses do not pay employees their wages when they are due. A business is not obliged to pay a person's earned wage when it is due to be paid due to the circumstances of the employer. A company does not always pay employees' earned wages due to their circumstances.  A business or government bond issuer does not make a payment on a coupon or principal payment when due. A company does not pay a debt payment when it comes to a debt obligation. A government or business bond issuer doesn't pay a principal or a coupon when it is due.  Ins insolvent insurance company does not pay policy obligation. Insolvent insurance companies do not pay a policy obligation. Insolent insurance companies fail to pay policy obligations. Ins insolvency insurance companies are insolvenated insurance companies that fail to meet policy obligations owed to policyholders.  An insolvent bank will not return funds to a depositor. Insolvent bank depositors will not receive any of the money they received from the bank. The bank is insolvent and will not be able to return the money to depositor's deposits. Bank depositors are not entitled to any of their deposits.  A government grants bankruptcy protection to an insolvent consumer or business. Lenders may perform a credit check on the prospective borrower. They may require the borrower to take out appropriate insurance, such as mortgage insurance, or seek security over some assets of the borrower or a guarantee from a third party.  The lender can also take out insurance against the risk or on-sell the debt to another company. Lenders can also buy insurance or sell the debt off-sell it to a different company or sell it off to a new company. The lender is also able to take out an insurance or take out a loan to avoid the risk.  The higher the risk, the higher will be the interest rate that the debtor will be asked to pay on the debt. In general, the interest rates will be higher if the debt is at a high risk. The risk of a debt that is at risk will be increased by interest rates of up to 10%.  Credit risk mainly arises when borrowers are unable or unwilling to pay. Credit risk is mainly due to borrowers unable to pay and not being able to pay. Credit risk also arises when a borrower is unable to repay debts. Credit is a non-financial obligation to make sure you can pay your debts.  A credit risk can be of the following types: Credit default risk, credit default risk and credit risk. Default risk may impact all credit-sensitive transactions, including loans, securities and derivatives. Credit risk is a risk of loss arising from a debt that is more than 90 days past due.  The risk associated with any single exposure or group of exposures with the potential to produce large enough losses to threaten a bank's core operations. Concentration risk \u2013 Risk associated with a single exposure to a bank with a concentration risk of large losses. The risk is the risk of a bank being exposed to a concentration of exposures that could threaten core operations.  Concentration may arise in the form of single-name concentration or industry concentration. It may arise as a result of the formation of a concentration of single name concentration. The concentration may also arise as result of a single- name concentration or an industry concentration, or a single industry concentration in the United States.  Country risk is the risk of loss arising from a sovereign state freezing foreign currency payments (transfer/conversion risk) or when it defaults on its obligations (sovereign risk) This type of risk is prominently associated with the country's macroeconomic performance and its political stability.  Significant resources and sophisticated programs are used to analyze and manage risk. Significantly resources are used in analyzing and managing risk. The risk assessment is based on the risk of a terrorist attack or terrorist terrorist attack. The U.S. National Security Council is responsible for managing the country's finances.  Some companies run a credit risk department whose job is to assess the financial health of their customers, and extend credit (or not) accordingly. Some companies have credit risk departments to assess their customers' financial health before extending credit. Some credit risks are based on their financial health, rather than their credit rating.  They may use in-house programs to advise on avoiding, reducing and transferring risk. They may also advise on how to avoid, reduce and transfer risk. The programs may be used to advise people on avoiding and reducing risk. For example, they may advise people to avoid and reduce risk by transferring risks.  They also use the third party provided intelligence. The team also use intelligence from third party sources. They use third party intelligence to find out what is happening in the U.S. They use the intelligence from a third party source to help them find out where they are located.  Statistical rating organizations provide such information for a fee. Nationalized statistical rating organizations such as statistical organizations provide information for the public. Statistics are available in the U.S. for a price of $100,000 per person. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.  Bond yield spreads and credit default swap spreads indicate market participants assessments of credit risk. They may be used as a reference point to price loans or trigger collateral calls. Credit Default Swaps are used as reference point for large companies with liquidly traded corporate bonds or credit default swaps.  Most lenders employ their models (credit scorecards) to rank potential and existing customers according to risk, and then apply appropriate strategies. Credit scorecards are used to rank people according to their risk, rather than their credit scorecards, to rank them according to the risk of a customer.  Lenders charge a higher price for higher-risk customers and vice versa. With products such as unsecured personal loans or mortgages, lenders charge higher prices for customers with higher risk. Lenders are charging higher rates for customers who are more likely to default on their loans.  With revolving products such as credit cards and overdrafts, the risk is controlled through the setting of credit limits. The risk of overdrafting is controlled by the setting the limits of credit card accounts. Credit card use is a form of form of payment that can be used to make money off interest rates.  Credit scoring models also form part of the framework used by banks or lending institutions to grant credit to clients. Some products also require collateral, usually an asset that is pledged to secure the repayment of the loan. Credit score models are also used in some products that require collateral.  For corporate and commercial borrowers, these models generally have qualitative and quantitative sections outlining various aspects of the risk including operating experience, management expertise, asset quality, and asset quality. The models are based on various risk factors, such as operating experience and management expertise. For more information, visit www.jenn.com/jennenn.  Once this information has been fully reviewed by credit officers and credit committees, the lender provides the funds subject to the terms and conditions presented within the contract (as outlined above) The funds are then repaid to the lender subject to any conditions within the terms of the contract, such as those presented in the contract.  Sovereign credit risk is the risk of a government being unwilling or unable to meet its loan obligations, or reneging on loans it guarantees. The risk is that a government cannot meet its debt obligations or is unable to repay its loans. Sovereign risk is a risk of defaulting on a government's loans, or not meeting its obligations.  Many countries have faced sovereign risk in the late-2000s global recession. Many of the world's largest economies have been hit by sovereign risk since 2000s. Many countries face sovereign risk due to the 2008-2009 global recession in the United States, Europe and Russia.  The existence of such risk means creditors should take a two-stage decision process when deciding to lend to a firm based in a foreign country. Creditors should take two stages of decision process to decide whether to lend a foreign firm to a company based in such a country.  Five macroeconomic variables that affect the probability of sovereign debt rescheduling are:Debt service ratio, import ratio, investment ratio, the variance of export revenue and domestic money supply growth. The probability of reschinguling is an increasing function of debt service ratio and import ratio.  The likelihood of rescheduling is a decreasing function of investment ratio due to future economic productivity gains. The likelihood\u00a0of\u00a0rescheduling\u00a0is decreasing functioning of investment\u00a0relationship\u00a0to future economic\u00a0productivity\u00a0gains. Inflation is a factor in the likelihood of postponing a scheduled event due to a decrease in investment ratio.  Debt rescheduling likelihood can increase if the investment ratio rises. Foreign country could become less dependent on external creditors and so be less concerned about receiving credit from these countries/investors. The investment ratio can increase as the foreign country becomes dependent on its external creditors.  Counterparty risk is a risk that a counterparty will not pay as obligated on a bond, derivative, insurance policy, or other contract. Counterparty credit risk (CCR) is also known as settlement risk or counterparty risk. CCR is also a risk of not paying as obligated.  Financial institutions or other transaction counterparties may hedge or take out credit insurance or, particularly in the context of derivatives, require the posting of collateral. Credit insurance is a form of credit insurance in the United States. Financial institutions may hedge, take out, or require collateral collateral.  Offsetting counterparty risk is not always possible, e.g. e.t.g.'s counterparty risks are not always always possible. Offsetting a party's risk may not always be possible in the event of an off-party event. Offsetting counterparty losses may be difficult to do, especially in the future. because of temporary liquidity issues or longer-term systemic reasons. Because of temporary. liquidity issues. or longer. term systemic reasons.because of. longer. systemic. reasons. because of. short-term liquidity issues. because of longer.term. systemic reasons, such as temporary liquidity. issues, may be temporary.  Counterparty risk increases due to positively correlated risk factors. Accounting for this correlation between portfolio risk factors and counterparty default in risk management methodology is not trivial. The capital requirement here is calculated using SA-CCR, the standardized approach for counterparty credit risk. For more information on the capital requirements in this article, visit http://www.cs.org/capital-requirement/sa-ccR.  This framework replaced both non-internal model approaches  -  Current Exposure Method (CEM) and Standardised Method (SM) The framework replaced  \u00a0current Exposure Method\u00a0CEM\u00a0and Standardised\u00a0Method\u00a0(SM) This framework was replaced by the current exposure and standardised\u00a0methods\u00a0using\u00a0current exposure methods.  It is a \"risk-sensitive methodology\" i.e. i.i.e., i.E. It is based on a risk-sensitive approach to assessing risk. It is the first time the methodology has been used in a study of the study. The study was published in 2007 and 2008. conscious of asset class and hedging, that differentiates between margined and non-margined trades and recognizes netting benefits. Issues insufficiently addressed under the preceding frameworks. These issues have been left unaddressed under the previous frameworks.conscious of the asset class, hedging and netting benefit.  Lenders mitigate credit risk in a number of ways, including risk-based pricing. Lenders may charge a higher interest rate to borrowers who are more likely to default. Lender may charge higher interest rates to borrowers with higher risk of default. Risk-based charging is a practice known as risk based pricing.  Lenders consider factors relating to the loan such as loan purpose, credit rating, and loan-to-value ratio. Lenders estimate the effect on yield (credit spread) Lenders also consider the loan purpose and credit rating of the loan and loan to the value ratio.  Lenders may write stipulations on the borrower, called covenants, into loan agreements. Covenants include requiring the company to report its financial condition and pay back the loan in full in certain events such as changes in the borrower's debt-to-equity ratio or interest coverage ratio.  Lenders and bond holders may hedge their credit risk by purchasing credit insurance or credit derivatives. Credit insurance and credit derivatives can be used to hedge lenders' credit risk. Lenders may also use credit insurance as a way to hedge their risk. Credit derivatives can also be used as a hedging device for credit insurance.  Contracts transfer risk from the lender to the seller (insurer) in exchange for payment. These contracts transfer the risk from lenders to the sellers (insurers) In exchange, the risk is transferred from the seller to the buyer in return for the payment. The contracts transfer risk between the lender and the seller in exchange of payment.  The most common credit derivative is the credit default swap. Credit default swap is a derivative of a credit derivative. The default swap market is the most common derivative of credit default swaps in the U.S. Credit default swaps are based on a credit default rate of $100,000.  Lenders can reduce credit risk by reducing the amount of credit extended, either in total or to certain borrowers. Lenders also need to tighten the amount they have extended credit to borrowers in order to reduce the risk of over-extending credit. Lender can also reduce the credit risk of under-extended credit by reducing it to under-excessing.  Distributor may try to lessen credit risk by reducing payment terms from net 30 to net 15. Distributor selling its products to a troubled retailer may reduce payment terms by reducing them to 15. For example, a distributor may reduce the payment terms to 15 instead of net 30.  Lenders to a small number of borrowers (or kinds of borrowers) face a high degree of unsystematic credit risk. Concentration risk is called concentration risk. Lenders have to diversify their loans to a certain type of borrower. Lending to small numbers of borrowers is a high risk of concentration risk, concentration risk is a risk.  Lenders reduce this risk by diversifying the borrower pool. The borrower pool is a low-risk pool of potential borrowers. Lenders can diversify the pool of borrowers to reduce the risk of defaulting on loans. The risk pool will be reduced by diversification of the loan pool, say lenders.  Governments may establish deposit insurance to guarantee bank deposits in the event of insolvency. Government may also encourage consumers to hold their savings in the banking system instead of in cash. Deposit insurance could be used to guarantee deposits and encourage people to hold savings in banking system rather than cash.  \"ACPM\" is the name of a credit portfolio management tool. Credit portfolio management is the subject of several credit scoring systems in the U.S. Credit (finance) scoring systems have been criticized in the United States. Credit portfolios are subject to a number of factors, such as credit risk and default risk.  An Introduction to Credit Risk Modeling. Credit Risk Models. Modeling of credit risk models. Credit risk models. Modeling. Models. Models: Credit Risk Risk Models. Modelers. Modeled Credit Risk Modelling. Model. Model: Credit Models. Risk Models: Modeling, Credit Modeling and Credit Risk Management.  Chapman & Hall/CRC. The team is currently in the process of selecting a new team of professional athletes. The team will compete in the U.S. Paralympics for the first time in a decade. The new team will work together to find a way to improve their chances of competing in the event. ISBN 978-1-58488-326-5.5. The book is published by Simon Cowell, a self-advocational author, and is available on Amazon.com and KFC.com. The book has been published in the U.S. and Canada.  Damiano Brigo and Massimo Masetti (2006) are the authors of the book. The book was published in 2006 by Massimo Massetti and Brigo. Brigo is also known as the author of a book about the book, \"Bigo\" and \"Masetti\" in Italy.  Counterparty Credit Risk Modeling: Risk Management, Pricing and Regulation. Risk Neutral Pricing of Counterparty Risk: Risk neutral pricing of counterparty risk. Counterparty credit risk modeling is a model of risk neutral pricing and risk neutrality. The model is based on the risk neutralization of the risk associated with the risk of a bank transaction. Risk Books. Risk Books. risk books. Risk books. Risk books. The riskiest books in the U.S. are published by Risk Books. Risk Books is a self-published, self-publishing book. The best-selling book of all the world is now available in stores.  ISBN 978-1-904339-76-2.ISBN is published in the UK and Australia. For more information on the book, visit www.co.uk.com/authors/authors-prepared-to-read.html. For the rest of the world, visit the publisher's website and the author's blog.  Orlando, Giuseppe, Bufalo Michele; Penikas Henry; Zurlo Con; Orlando, Gioio Orlando. Orlando is the son of Orlando, Italy, who was assassinated in 1992. Orlando was killed by a car bomb in the fall of the Great Depression. ",
  "89": " The history of film technology traces the development of techniques for the recording, construction and presentation of motion pictures. Inventors have developed techniques for film technology including the use of sound editing and sound editing. Film technology has been used in more than 80,000 films worldwide since the 1930s.  When the film medium came about in the 19th century, there already was a centuries old tradition of screening moving images through shadow play and the magic lantern that were very popular with audiences in many parts of the world. The magic lantern was very popular in the world, with audiences using it to screen moving images.  Especially the magic lantern influenced much of the projection technology, exhibition practices and cultural implementation of film. The magic lanterns were used in many of the world's most popular films, including Walt Disney films, in the 1930s and 1940s. The lanterns have influenced the development of film technology, projection technology and exhibition practices.  Between 1825 and 1840, the relevant technologies of stroboscopic animation, photography and stereoscopy were introduced. The relevant technologies were introduced in the period of 1825 to 1840. The technology was used for animation and photography in the early years of the age of animation.  For much of the rest of the century, many engineers and inventors tried to combine all these new technologies and the much older technique of projection to create a complete illusion or a complete documentation of reality. For example, the illusion of projection was created by projection of a computer screen.  The introduction of the phonograph in 1877 seemed to promise the addition of synchronized sound recordings. Colour photography was usually included in these ambitions. The phonograph was introduced in the same year as the first phonograph came to be used in the recording of a single sound recording.  Between 1887 and 1894, the first successful short cinematographic presentations were established. The first short films were made between 1887\u00a0and\u00a01894\u00a0and 1894. They were made of short films made from 1887 to 1894 and were released in the following years.  The biggest breakthrough of the technology came in 1895 with the first projected movies that lasted longer than 10 seconds. The biggest popular breakthrough was the first projection of a movie lasting longer than a 10-second movie. The first projected movie was projected in 1895, and the first was projected for 10 seconds in 1895.  Most motion pictures lasted about 50 seconds, lacked synchronized sound and natural colour, and were mainly exhibited as novelty attractions. During the first years after this breakthrough, most motion pictures were only 50 seconds long. Most were short-lived, and most were exhibited in novelty attractions, mainly as novelty attraction.  In the first decades of the 20th century, movies grew much longer and the medium quickly developed into one of the most important tools of communication and entertainment. Movies have become an important tool of communication, entertainment and communication in the first century of the 21st century. The first movies of the century were made in the early 1900s and the second century of cinema.  The breakthrough of synchronized sound occurred at the end of the 1920s and that of full color motion picture film in the 1930s. Black and white films remained very common for several decades, but black and white was common for many decades. The breakthrough was the breakthrough of synchronizing sound in the early 1920s, and the first color color film film was released in the mid-30s.  Physical film stock was being replaced with digital film technologies at the start of the 21st century. Digital image sensors and projectors were being used at both ends of the production chain by digital image sensors. Digital film technologies were being replaced by digital film technology at both end of production chain.  3D film technologies have been around from the beginning, but only became a standard option in most movie theatres during the first decades of the 21st century. 3D technology has been around since the beginning of the 20th century, but was only available in most theatres in the 1990s.  Television, video and video games are closely related technologies, but are traditionally seen as different media. They are closely connected technologies but are seen as separate media. TV, video, video games have been seen as a form of form of entertainment in the U.S. TV and video gaming are closely linked.  Historically, they were interpreted as threats to the movie industry that had to be countered with innovations in movie theatre screenings, such as colour, widescreen formats and 3D. They were often interpreted as a threat to the film industry. The innovations were often followed by innovations in theatre screenings such as 3D and colour.  The rise of new media and digitization have caused many aspects of different media to overlap with film, resulting in shifts in ideas about the definition of film. New media and digital technology have led to shifts in how film is perceived as a form of form. The rise in digital technology has led to a shift in the way that film is viewed as film.  A film is usually not transmitted live and is commonly a standalone release, or not part of a very regular ongoing schedule. To differentiate film from television: a film is not broadcast live and usually not a live release. To distinguish film from TV: A film usually not aired live is a standalone film or a regular release.  Unlike computer games, a film is rarely interactive. Film is rarely\u00a0interactive\u00a0and films are rarely interactive, with no interactive features. The film is released on DVD and Blu-Ray in the UK, but it is available in Australia and Canada, and the U.S.  The difference between video and film used to be obvious from the medium and the mechanism used to record and present the images, but both have evolved into digital techniques. Few technological differences remain from the technology used to film, but few technological differences have been made between film and video.  The term \"film\" mostly refers to relatively long and big productions that can be best enjoyed by large audiences on a large screen in a movie theatre. While \"video\" is mostly used for shorter, small-scale productions that seem to be intended for home viewing, or for instructional presentations to smaller groups.  The technology of film emerged mostly from developments and achievements in the fields of projection, lenses, photography and optics. The technology emerged mainly from developments in the field of projection and lenses. Film technology emerged from developments from projection, lens, photography, and optics in the early 1900s.  Camera obscura is a natural phenomenon that may have been used artistically since prehistory. Shadowgraphy, shadow puppetry and magic lanterns were developed in the 1650s. \"persistence of vision\" animation devices have been developed since 1833, zoetrope since 1866, flip book since 1868.  Very occasionally, the camera obscura was used to project theatrical spectacles to entertain small audiences. Camera obscura is used in theatrical theatres to entertain smaller audiences. Cameras obscura were used in the 1930s and 1940s to create theatrical spectaculars for theatrical audiences.  The technique was more commonly used by charlatans, priests and wizards to conjure up magical, religious and necromantic appearances. It is believed that the technique was used by those who conjured up spiritual beings like ghosts, gods or demons. The technique is believed to have been used by many of the world's most famous witches and wizards.  Use of a lens in a camera obscura has been dated back to 1550. The use of this lens has been used since 1550, dating back to the 16th century. It is believed to be the first time a lens lens was used in an obscura.  In the 17th century, the camera obscura was a popular drawing aid and commonly turned into a mobile device, first as tents and not much later as portable wooden boxes. In the 16th century it was commonly used as a drawing aid for drawing purposes and as a portable drawing aid.  The box-type camera obscura was adapted into a photographic still camera in 1790 with the experiments of Thomas Wedgwood. The still camera would capture projected images on plates or sheets that were treated with light-sensitive chemicals. It was first developed around 1790.  The magic lantern was developed by Christiaan Huygens in 1659. Around 1659 it was the first magic lantern to be developed in the Netherlands. It was later developed into a lantern lantern. It is believed to have been the world's first lantern light bulb.  It projected slides that were usually painted in color on glass. The slides were projected on slides usually painted on glass glass. It was used to display slides on glass that were painted on a glass screen. The slide project was designed to project slides that could be projected on a screen screen.  A sketch by Huygens believed to have been made in 1659, indicates that moving images from mechanical slides may have been part of the earliest screenings. The sketch is believed to be made by the Dutch painter and painter of the 16th century. It is believed that the sketch was made by 1659 and is thought to date from 1659.  The magic lantern became an important instrument in the multi-media phantasmagoria spectacles. Around 1790, the magic lantern was used in the creation of the first magic lanterns. The lanterns were used to make magic lantern spectacles in the 1800s.  The ghost horror experience was used in dedicated theatres to frighten audiences. Animations, animated slides, multiple projectors (superimposition) and mobile projectors were used. Smoke, sounds, odors and even electric shocks were used to scare audiences. The experience was a convincing ghost experience.  In the 19th century magic lantern techniques were developed, including dissolving views and mechanical slides that created dazzling abstract effects (chromatrope, et cetera) or that depicted, for instance, falling snow or the planets and their moons revolving. Magic lanterns were developed in the late 1800s and early 1900s.  Many aspects of cinema are closely related to theatre. Film is a form of form of theatre. Many aspects are closely connected to theatre, such as the use of the word \"play\" and \"theatre\" Theatre is an important part of cinema, but not all of it.  The term \"photoplay\" reflects the idea of motion pictures as filmed plays. The term was commonly used in the early days of cinema, reflecting the idea that motion pictures should be filmed as films as they are filmed plays. The term is commonly used to refer to a film that was filmed as a play.  Technologies used for the theatre, such as stage lighting and all kinds of special effects, were automatically adopted for use in front of cameras. Special effects and stage lighting were also automatically adopted to be used for use by cameras. The film series is based on the series of films directed by Jean-Claude Joonoonoon and Jean-Michel Zaha.  Michael Faraday used a rotating cardboard disc with concentric series of apertures that represented cogwheels of different sizes and different amounts of cogs. Faraday's experiment was the first stroboscopic animation of the 18th century. The disc was created by Faraday in 1831.  In 1833, Joseph Plateau published a letter about his recently discovered slotted disc inspired by Faraday's input. Plateau had been working on similar experiments for years and published the letter in January 1833. The \"wheel\" seemed to stand still while the others would appear to move around with different velocities or in opposite directions.  If drawings of successive phases of a scene or object in motion replaced the apertures in Faraday's experiment, they would give the impression of fluent motion when viewed in the mirror through the slots. The illustrated example of a pirouetting dancer demonstrated that if drawings of. scenes or objects in motion were replaced with drawings of scenes in motion.  Plateau's Fantascope became better known as the Ph\u00e9nakisticope. Its principle would form the basis for many later motion picture technologies (including cinematography) The principle would be used in many later films, including cinematography, to create motion picture technology.  Plateau suggested in a letter to Faraday that the principle might find modified applications in phantasmagoria. In May 1833, Simon Stampfer published his Stroboscopische Scheiben that were very similar to Plateau's Fantascope discs.  In a booklet issued later that year, he explained the stroboscopic animation principles. He stated to have discovered the technique in December 1832 soon after repeating Faraday's experiments. In the booklet, he stated that he had discovered the method in December\u00a01832\u00a0soon after repeating\u00a0Faraday's\u00a0experiment\u00a0on his experiments.  Stampfer suggested several variations, including a cylinder (similar to the later zoetrope), a long paper or canvas strip looped around two parallel rollers to enable longer theatre scenes (somewhat similar to film) and a theater-like frame (much like the later praxinoscope theatre)  Stampfer promoted careful analysis of motion and strict division into regular phases for accurate motion designs. Stampfer: Most movements in nature could not be \"fixed in their individual moments\" because they were not fixed in their \"individual moments\" Stampfer's design was based on careful analysis and division of motion.  Stampfer and publisher Matthias Trentsensky had also suggested stroboscopic presentation of transparent pictures. In April 1833 patent application for the stroboscope discs, Stampfer had also proposed stroboscoscopes of transparent images, which were commonly used for magic lantern projection.  The earliest known public screening of projected stroboscopic animation was presented by Austrian magician Ludwig D\u00f6bler on 15 January 1847 at the Josephstadt Theatre in Vienna, with his patented Phantaskop. The earliest public screening was presented in Vienna by Ludwig\u00a0D\u00f6bler in 1847.  The spectacle was well-received with sold-out shows in several European cities during a tour that lasted until the spring of 1848. One critic complained about the flickering quality of the stroboscopic images, although one critic complained that the images were too bright and blurry.  When photography was introduced in 1839, long exposure times seemed to prohibit a combination with stroboscopic animation. Long exposure times seem to prohibit the combination of stroboscope and photography. 1849\u20131870: Photography in motion: The first time photography was used in motion was in 1849.  Joseph Plateau published about improvements for his Fantascope in 1849, including a suggestion by Charles Wheatstone to combine it with his invention of the stereoscope. Plateau was inspired by Wheatstone's early stereoscopic photography and by the idea of combining it with the invention of his invention.  Plateau proposed a stop motion technique avant la lettre with stereoscopic recordings of plaster models in different positions. The technique was proposed by\u00a0Plateau\u00a0with stereoscopic\u00a0recording\u00a0of plaster models with different\u00a0positioned\u00a0in different\u00a0positions.  He never executed the elaborate plan, probably because he had turned blind by this time. He never planned to do it, probably as he was blind by the time he was old enough to turn blind. He was never executed, probably due to the fact he turned blind at the time.  Stereoscopic photography became very popular in the early 1850s with David Brew. David Brew was a pioneer photographer in the mid-1800s. He took a series of stereoscopic photographs of his subjects. Brew was one of the world's most famous photographers. He was also a pioneer in the field of photography in the 1850s. ",
  "90": " History of film chronicles the development of a visual art form created using film technologies that began in the late 19th century. The history of film was created using technology that began to be developed in the mid-19th century and has been used in film films since then.  The advent of film as an artistic medium is not clearly defined. Film is a form of art not defined as an art form. Film has been used as a vehicle for film production in the U.S. for more than a decade. The film industry is still struggling to define what it means in terms of film and film.  Public screening of ten of the Lumi\u00e8re brothers' short films in Paris on 28 December 1895, can be regarded as the breakthrough of projected cinematographic motion pictures. However, the commercial, public screening of 10 short films can be seen as a breakthrough in the cinema industry.  There had been earlier cinematographic results and screenings by others, like the Skladanowsky brothers, who used their self-made Bioscop to display the first moving picture show to a paying audience on 1 November 1895, in Berlin. But they had neither the quality, financial backing, stamina, or luck to find the momentum that propelled the cin\u00e9matographe Lumi\u00e8re into worldwide success.  Those earliest films were in black and white, under a minute long, without recorded sound, and consisted of a single shot from a steady camera. The earliest films of this era were in a single minute long black or white film, with no recorded sound. The films were released in the 1930s and 1940s, but were released later in the 1960s.  The first decade of motion pictures saw film move from a novelty to an established mass entertainment industry. Film production companies and studios established all over the world. The first 10 years of film was the first decade when film became a mass entertainment business. Film studios and studios were established around the world, with many of the world's biggest stars.  Conventions toward a general cinematic language also developed, with film editing camera movements and other cinematic techniques contributing specific roles in the narrative of films. Film editing, film editing, camera movement and other techniques contributed specific roles to a film's narrative. In the 1930s, film techniques were used to develop a cinematic style of cinema.  New media, including television, home video, and the internet, influenced the distribution and consumption of films. TV has been a major part of the film industry since the 1950s, and home video has been mainstream since the 1980s. The internet has also influenced film distribution and film consumption.  Film production usually responded with content to fit the new media, and with technical innovations (including widescreen (mainstream since the 1950s), 3D, and 4D film) and more spectacular films to keep theatrical screenings attractive. Film production responded to new media with content that fit the media.  Systems that were cheaper and more easily handled (including 8mm film, video, and smartphone cameras) allowed for an increasing number of people to create films of varying qualities, for any purpose (including home movies and video art) Systems\u00a0that were cheaper\u00a0and more easily\u00a0could be used to make films.  Technical quality was usually lower than that of professional movies, but improved with digital video and affordable, high-quality digital cameras. Technical quality of movies was often lower than professional movies but improved in the 1990s with better quality of digital cameras and more affordable digital cameras available.  Digital production methods became more and more popular during the 1990s, resulting in increasingly realistic visual effects and popular feature-length computer animations. Digital animation is a form of animation that has become increasingly popular in recent years. Digital effects are increasingly realistic and popular in feature films and animations.  Various film genres emerged and enjoyed variable degrees of success over time, with huge differences among, for instance, horror. Film genres have had varying success over the years, with varying success varying from horror to sci-fi films. The most successful film genres are horror films, with some of the most successful films being horror films.  Use of film as an art form traces its origins to several earlier traditions in the arts such as (oral) storytelling, literature, theatre and visual arts. The use of film in film as a form of storytelling traces its origin to earlier traditions such as storytelling and theatre.  Cantastoria and similar ancient traditions combined storytelling with series of images that were shown or indicated one after the other. The images were shown and indicated by a series of stories that were followed by images or indicated by an image. The stories were told in Cantasia and other ancient traditions.  Predecessors to film that had already used light and shadows to create art before the advent of modern film technology include shadowgraphy, shadow puppetry, camera obscura, and the magic lantern. The magic lanterns were used to create shadows and shadows in the works of art before film technology.  Shadowgraphy and shadow puppetry represent early examples of the intent to use moving imagery for entertainment and storytelling.Shadowgraphy is one of the earliest examples of using moving imagery to entertain and tell stories with moving imagery. The first shadowgraphy was created in the early 1900s.  Art form used shadows cast by hands or objects to assist in the creation of narratives. Thought to have originated in the Far East, the art form is thought to be thought to have been originated in Asia. Art form was used to create narratives by casting shadows on objects or objects.  Shadow puppetry enjoyed popularity for centuries around Asia, notably in Java, and eventually spread to Europe during the Age of Enlightenment. Performances often conjured images of ghostly apparitions, using techniques such as camera obscura and other forms of projection to enhance their performances.  Magic lantern shows developed in the latter half of the 17th century seem to have continued this tradition with images of death, monsters and other scary figures. Magic lanterns were created in the late 16th century to create scary images of scary creatures and scary figures in the hope of a magic lantern show.  Around 1790, this practice was developed into a type of multimedia ghost show known as phantasmagoria. The practice has been developed around 1790 into a form of ghost show. The show is now known as a multimedia show called phantasmaagoria, or a ghost show of the same name.  These popular shows entertained audiences using mechanical slides, rear projection, mobile projectors, superimposition, dissolves, live actors, smoke (on which projections may have been cast), odors, sounds and even electric shocks. The shows were also known to include live actors and smoke.  First magic lantern shows were intended to frighten viewers, but advances by projectionists allowed for creative storytelling that could appeal to wider family audiences. Magic lantern shows are now educational storytelling that can appeal to a wide range of family audiences, including children and adults. The first magic lantern show was originally intended to scare audiences, but now they can be educational and interactive.  In 1833, scientific study of a stroboscopic illusion in spoked wheels by Joseph Plateau, Michael Faraday and Simon Stampfer led to the invention of the Fantascope. The phenakistiscope was popular in several European countries for a while. New techniques such as the use of dissolving views and the chromatrope allowed for smoother transitions between two projected images.  Stampfer thought it could be further developed for use in phantasmagoria. Stampfer imagined a system for longer scenes with strips on rollers, as well as a transparent version (probably intended for projection) Stampfer imagines a similar system for long scenes.  Charles Wheatstone, Antoine Claudet and others tried to combine the technique with the stereoscope (introduced in 1838) and photography for a more complete illusion of reality. Such experiments were mostly hindered by the need for long exposure times, with motion blur around objects that moved while the reflected light fell on the photo-sensitive chemicals.  A few people managed to get decent results from stop motion techniques, but these were only very rarely marketed. No form of animated photography had much cultural impact before the advent of chronophotography. chronophotoography was a form of form of animation that had little cultural impact.  Most early photographic sequences were not intended to be viewed in motion. They were typically presented as a serious, even scientific, method of studying locomotion. chronophotography was used to study locomotion in the 1930s and 1940s. The first images of locomotion were taken at the beginning of the 20th century.  The sequences almost exclusively involved humans or animals performing a simple movement in front of the camera. The sequences were almost exclusively\u00a0occurred\u00a0almost exclusively\u00a0interviewing human or animal movements. The film was released in 2009 and was released at the end of the year.  Eadweard Muybridge began making hundreds of chronophotographic studies of the motion of animals and humans in real-time. The Horse in Motion cabinet cards were published in 1878 with the publication of The Horse In Motion Cabinet cards. The images were taken in the early years of the photographer's work.  He was soon followed by other chronophotographers like \u00c9tienne-Jules Marey, Georges Demen\u00ff, Albert Londe and Ottomar Ansch\u00fctz. He was one of the most prolific chronophographers in the world. He became famous in the 1930s and 1940s.  In 1879, Muybridge started lecturing on animal locomotion and used his Zoopraxiscope to project animations of the contours of his recordings, traced onto glass discs. Ottomar Ansch\u00fctz started presenting his chronophotographic recordings in motion using a device he called the Elektrischen Schnellseher.  By 1891, he had started mass production of a more economical, coin-operated peep-box viewing device of the same name. The device was exhibited at international exhibitions and fairs. It was first produced in 1891 and was exhibited internationally at international fairs and exhibitions.  Some machines were installed for longer periods, including some at The Crystal Palace in London, and in several U.S. stores. Some machines have been installed for more than 30 years, including those at Crystal Palace and several in the United States. Others were installed at The Royal Collection in London and in the U.K.  Shifting the focus of the medium from technical and scientific interest in motion to entertainment for the masses, he recorded wrestlers, dancers, acrobats, and scenes of everyday life. He recorded wrestling, acrobatics and scenes from everyday life in a bid to entertain the masses.  Nearly 34,000 people paid to see his shows at the Berlin Exhibition Park in summer 1892. The Berlin exhibition was held in the summer of 1892 and was held at the exhibition park in summer of that year. He was the first to perform at Berlin's exhibition in Berlin, Germany.  Little evidence remains for most of these recordings, some scenes probably depicted staged comical scenes. Others saw it in London or at the 1893 Chicago World's Fair. Some scenes may have been staged in a staged setting. Others may have seen it in Chicago or at Chicago's 1893 fair.  Records suggest some of his output directly influenced later works by the Edison Company, such as the 1894 film Fred Ott's Sneeze. Advances towards motion picture projection technologies were based on the popularity of magic lanterns, chronophotographic demonstrations and other closely related forms of projected entertainment such as illustrated songs.  From October 1892 to March 1900, inventor \u00c9mile Reynaud exhibited his Th\u00e9\u00e2tre Optique (\"Optical Theatre\") film system at the Mus\u00e9e Gr\u00e9vin in Paris. Reynaud's film system was exhibited in Paris from 1892 until March 1900.  Reynaud's device projected a series of animated stories such as Pauvre Pierrot and Autour d'une cabine. Over 500,000 visitors visited the device over the course of 12,800 shows. The device was displayed to over 5,000 people over 12,000 shows.  Ottomar Ansch\u00fctz projected moving images from Electrotachyscope discs on a large screen in the darkened Grand Auditorium of a Post Office Building in Berlin in November 1894. Anschutztz projected the images on a screen in a darkened auditorium in Berlin.  From 22 February to 30 March 1895, a commercial 1.5-hour program of 40 different scenes was screened for audiences of 300 people at the old Reichstag and received circa 4,000 visitors. The program was screened in a commercial format of 40 scenes. The audience was 300 people.  Thomas Edison assigned a lab assistant, William Kennedy Dickson, to help develop a device that could produce visuals to accompany the sounds produced from the phonograph. Dickson developed the device in June 1889, and it was developed in the early 1900s. The device was developed by Thomas Edison in the 1880s and 1890s. It was the first device to be projected images of the sound of a phonograph.  Kinetoscope peep-box viewer was created by Dickson and his team. celluloid loops containing about half a minute of motion picture entertainment. Kinetoscopes were created in the 1950s and 1960s. The celluloid loop loops contained about half-minute of motion pictures.  After an early preview on 20 May 1891, Edison introduced the machine in 1893. Edison introduced it in 1891 and it was the first machine to be made available in 1892. The machine was released in 1893 and sold to the public for $100,000 each.  Kinetoscope showcased well-known vaudeville acts performing in Edison's Black Maria studio. Many of the movies presented on the Kinetoscas were performed in the studio of Edison. The Kinetscopies were first broadcast in the 1930s and 1940s.  Kinetoscope quickly became a global sensation with multiple viewing parlors across major cities by 1895. Kinetoscoscopes became a popular viewing parlor in major cities across the world by 1895, with viewing parls across the globe becoming a worldwide sensation. The Kinetoscopic craze was a sensation in 1895, when it was first introduced in 1895.  Edison Company was slow to diversify their repertoire of films and waning public interest caused business to slow by Spring 1895. As the initial novelty of the images wore off, the Edison Company had to shift their focus to diversifying their films. Waning public interest led to a decline in business in the early years of 1895.  The Dickson Experimental Sound Film was created to provide visual accompaniment for sound recordings. It was originally intended to provide an accompaniment to sound recordings, but failed to do so in response to declining profits. Experimentary sound films were created by the Dickson Experimentary Sound Film Experimentary.  Limitations in syncing the sound to the visuals, however, prevented widespread application. Limitations also limited to syncing sound to visuals, but the technology is still being considered as a viable alternative to Blu-Ray technology. The game was released in September 2013. It was the first of its kind in the world and was released by Sony in 2012.  During that same period, inventors began advancing technologies towards film projection that would eventually overtake Edison's peep-box format. Multiple inventors including Wordsworth Donisthorpe, Louis Le and Wordsworth. Wordsworth. Donisthhorpe. Louis Le. The peep box format was eventually overtaken by Edison. ",
  "91": " An electric car or electric vehicle is propelled by an electric traction motor, using only energy stored in on-board batteries. An electric vehicle or electric car is a passenger car propelled by a traction motor powered by a single electric motor. The car is powered by electric traction motors and powered by batteries.  Compared to conventional internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles, electric cars are quieter, more responsive, have superior energy conversion efficiency and no exhaust emissions and lower overall vehicle emissions. However, the power plant supplying the electricity might generate its own emissions (however the power\u00a0plant\u00a0generates\u00a0the electricity\u00a0generating\u00a0the\u00a0electric\u00a0vehicles.  The term \"electric car\" normally refers to battery electric vehicle (BEV) The term broadly may also include plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEV), range-extended electric car (REEV) and fuel cell electric vehicles. The term also refers to plug in hybrid electric vehicle, PHEV, and range extended electric vehicle\u00a0REEV\u00a0vehicles.  The electric vehicle battery typically needs to be plugged into a mains electricity power supply for recharging in order to maximize the cruising range. The electric car battery typically has to be connected to a main power supply to maximize its cruising range. The vehicle battery battery can be plugged in mains power supply, or plugged out of the vehicle's power supply.  Recharging an electric car can be done at a variety of charging stations. These charging stations can be installed in private homes, parking garages and public areas. Charging stations are installed in public areas such as public areas and private homes. Electric cars can be recharged at charging stations in a range of different locations.  There are also research and development in other technologies such as battery swapping and inductive charging. There is also research to develop a battery swapping system and an inductive-charging system. There are currently no plans to use the technology to charge batteries in the US or UK.  Range anxiety and time cost are frequent psychological obstacles against electric cars. Recharging infrastructures (especially those with fast chargers) are still in its relative infancy. Range anxiety, time cost and range anxiety are often factors in electric cars' purchase decisions. The best way to charge electric cars is to recharge quickly and efficiently.  Worldwide, 10 million  plug-in electric cars were sold in 2022, a total of 14% of new car sales. This is up from 9% in 2021, according to the report. The report predicts that 10 million electric cars will be sold worldwide in 2022.  Many countries have established government incentives for plug-in electric vehicles, tax credits, subsidies, and other non-monetary incentives. Several countries have legislated to phase-out sales of fossil fuel cars, to reduce air pollution and limit climate change. Many countries are legislating to phase out sales of fossils fuel cars.  China currently has the largest stock of electric vehicles in the world, with cumulative sales of 5.5 million units through 2020. EVs are expected to account for nearly one-fifth of global car sales in 2023, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA)  As of 2020, the cost of ownership of recent electric vehicles is cheaper than that of equivalent ICE cars, due to lower fueling and maintenance costs. In 2023 the Tesla Model Y became the world's best selling car. As of 2023 in 2023, the Model Y was the best-selling car in the world.  The Tesla Model 3 became the world's all-time best-selling electric car in early 2020. In June 2021, it became the first electric car to pass 1 million global sales. The Model 3 will be the first car to sell 1 million worldwide in June 2021.  Electric cars form a future mobility vision called Autonomous, Connected, Electric and Shared (ACES) Mobility. Together with other emerging automotive technologies such as autonomous driving, connected vehicles and shared mobility, electric cars form an emerging mobility vision. The ACES vision includes autonomous driving and connected vehicles.  The term \"electric car\" typically refers specifically to battery electric vehicles (BEVs) or all-electric cars. The electricity stored on the vehicle is the only energy source that provide propulsion for the wheels. All-electric vehicles have an onboard rechargeable battery pack that can be plugged in and charged from the electric grid.  The term generally refers to highway-capable automobiles, but there are also low-speed electric vehicles with limitations in terms of weight, power and maximum speed that are allowed to travel on public roads. The term also refers to cars with limited speed and weight limits on the roads.  The latter are classified as Neighborhood Electric Vehicles (NEVs) in the United States, and as electric motorised quadricycles in Europe. In the U.S. and Europe, the NEVs are also classified as motorised vehicles. In Europe, they are motorised motorised\u00a0quizzycles, and are known as Neighborhood\u00a0Electric\u00a0vehicles.  Robert Anderson is often credited with inventing the first electric car some time between 1832 and 1839. Gustave Trouv\u00e9 presented an electric car driven by an improved Siemens motor at the Exposition internationale d'\u00c9lectricit\u00e9 de Paris in 1881.  Thomas Parker built an electric car in Wolverhampton using his own specially-designed high-capacity rechargeable batteries. In 1884, over 20 years before the Ford Model T, he built the first electric car. The only documentation is a photograph from 1895, although the only documentation of the car is from 1895.  Andreas Flocken designed the Flocksen Elektrowagen in 1888. Some believe it was the first \"real\" electric car. The Flocksens Elekrowagen is considered the first electric car of its kind. Flockens' electric car was built in 1888 in Germany. It is thought to be the first real electric car built in the world.  Andrew Morrison introduced the first electric car to the U.S. in 1890. He introduced it to the United States. Morrison's car was the first to be driven by an electric car in the US. Morrison was a pioneer of the electric car industry in 1890s.  Electricity was among the preferred methods for automobile propulsion in the late-19th and early-20th centuries. It provided a level of comfort and ease of operation that could not be achieved by the gasoline-driven cars of the time. Electricity provided the comfort, ease and comfort of operation.  In 1897, electric cars first found commercial use as taxis in Britain and in the United States. The electric vehicle fleet peaked at approximately 30,000 vehicles at the turn of the 20th century. Electric cars were first used in the UK and the U.S. in 1897.  In London, Walter Bersey's electric cabs were the first self-propelled vehicles for hire at a time when they were horse-drawn cabs. In London they were first self propelled cabs for hire in the early 1900s. In the 1930s, the first electric cab cabs in London were driven by Bersey, who died of a heart attack.  In New York City, a fleet of twelve hansom cabs and one brougham were based on the design of the Electrobat II. The project was funded in part by the Electric Storage Battery Company of Philadelphia, which built the Electricbat II in the 1930s.  During the 20th century, the main manufacturers of electric vehicles in the United States included Anthony Electric, Baker, Columbia, Anderson, Edison, Riker, Milburn, Bailey Electric, and Detroit Electric. The main manufacturers in the U.S. were Anthony Electric and Baker Electric.  Six electric cars held the land speed record in the 19th century. Their electric vehicles were quieter than gasoline-powered ones, and did not require gear changes. The cars were quieter and didn't need gear changes to make them go on land speed. Six electric vehicles held the record for land speed in 19th Century.  The La Jamais Contente reached a top speed of 105.88 km/h (65.79 mph) in 1899. The rocket-shaped vehicle was driven by Camille Jenatzy. The last of them was the last vehicle to break the speed barrier.  Electric cars remained popular until advances in internal-combustion engine (ICE) cars and mass production of cheaper gasoline- and diesel-powered vehicles, especially the Ford Model T, led to a decline in electric cars. Electric cars are still popular in the United States.  ICE cars' much quicker refueling times and cheaper production-costs made them more popular. ICE cars are more popular because of their cheaper production costs and faster refueling speeds.ICE cars are cheaper to fuel and more fuel-efficient than traditional cars. They are more likely to be used in the U.S. because they are easier to refuel and have a better fuel economy.  Electric starter motor replaced other laborious methods of starting the ICE, such as hand-cranking. The introduction of the electric starter motor in 1912 was a decisive moment in the history of the ICE. It replaced other, often laborious, methods of start the ICE with the introduction of electric starter motors.  California Air Resources Board (CARB) began a push for more fuel-efficient, lower-emissions vehicles in the early 1990s. The ultimate goal of the CARB is to move to zero-emission vehicles such as electric vehicles. The CARB push began in the 1990s with the ultimate goal being to zero emissions vehicles.  In response to electric models, automakers developed electric models. In response, automakers have developed electric cars and trucks. The electric vehicles are among the most popular vehicles in the U.S. market, according to CNN.com's Automotive World Series of Electrics.com.com.  California electric-auto maker Tesla Motors began development in 2004 of what would become the Tesla Roadster, first delivered to customers in 2008. These early cars were eventually withdrawn from the U.S. market, because of a massive campaign by the US automakers to discredit the idea of electric cars.  The Roadster was the first highway-legal all-electric car to use lithium-ion battery cells. It is the first production all-Electric car to travel more than 320 km (200 miles) per charge. Better Place, a venture-backed company based in Palo Alto, California, developed and sold battery charging services for electric cars.  The company was publicly launched on 29 October 2007 and announced deployment of electric vehicle networks in Israel, Denmark and Hawaii in 2008 and 2009. The company is publicly launched in October 2007. It announced deployment plans for the network in 2008, 2009 and 2008 for the first time in Israel and Denmark.  The company planned to deploy the infrastructure on a country-by-country basis. The company said the infrastructure will be deployed in a range of countries. It planned to roll out the infrastructure around the world on a scale-based basis, starting in the US and Canada.  In January 2008, Better Place announced a memorandum of understanding with Renault-Nissan to build the world's first Electric Recharge Grid Operator (ERGO) model for Israel. The ERGO model is based on a model that will be built by Renault and Nissan in Israel.  Renault-Nissan would provide the electric vehicles. Better Place would build the electric recharge grid and Renault-nissan would supply the vehicles. The agreement was reached by Better Place, which is based in New York City, New York, and Nissan. Renault Nissan will provide electric vehicles for the electric cars.  Better Place filed for bankruptcy in Israel in May 2013. The company is based in Tel Aviv, Israel, and operates in the U.S. It was founded by Better Place, which was founded in 2007. Better Place is based on Better Place's success in Israel.  Mitsubishi i-MiEV, launched in 2009 in Japan, was the first highway-legal series production electric car, and the first all-electric car to sell more than 10,000 units. The company's financial difficulties were caused by mismanagement, wasteful efforts to establish toeholds and run pilots.  The Nissan Leaf, launched in 2010, surpassed the i MiEV as the best selling all-electric car at that time. Several months later, the Nissan Leaf became the best-selling electric car in the world. The Leaf was the first electric car to be built in the United States in 2010.  During the 2010s, the electric vehicle industry in China expanded greatly with government support. China's electric car industry has expanded greatly in the past few years. The electric vehicles industry has been heavily supported by the Chinese government. China has a history of electric car manufacturing. It is the first country to support electric vehicles in China's history.  The subsidies introduced by the Chinese government will however be cut by 20 to 30%. They will be phased out completely before 2023. The subsidies will be cut to 20% and phased out of existence by 20-30%. The Chinese government is expected to cut subsidies by 30% to 20-20% by 20 years.  Motor Trend magazine awarded the fully-electric Tesla Model S the title \"ultimate car of the year\" in July 2019. Several automakers marked up the prices of their electric vehicles in anticipation of the subsidy adjustment, including Tesla, Volkswagen and Guangzhou-based GAC Group, which counts Fiat, Honda, Isuzu, Mitsubishi, and Toyota as foreign partners.  In March 2020 the Tesla Model 3 passed the Nissan Leaf to become the world's all-time best-selling electric car, with more than 500,000 units delivered. The Model 3 reached the milestone of 1 million global sales in June 2021, reaching 1 million in March 2020.  Sales of electric vehicles have reached six percent of all US light-duty automotive sales. The highest volume of EV sales ever recorded at 187,000 vehicles. The Alliance for Automotive Innovation reported that sales of electric cars had reached six per cent of the US light duty car sales.  This was an 11% sales increase, as opposed to a 1.3% increase in gasoline and diesel-powered units. The increase was 11% in sales compared to an increase in sales of gas and diesel units in the U.S. This was the largest sales increase in the country in over a decade.  California was the US leader in EV purchases with nearly 40% of US purchases, followed by Florida \u2013 6%, Texas \u2013 5% and New York \u2013 4.4%. New York is the state's fourth-largest EV market, with nearly 4% of EV purchases in the U.S. ",
  "92": " Streaming television is the digital distribution of television content, such as television shows and films, as streaming media delivered over the Internet. Streaming television is a form of TV content delivered via the Internet and delivered by the Internet, rather than television shows, films and television shows. Streaming TV is also known as streaming television.  Streaming television stands in contrast to dedicated terrestrial television delivered by over-the-air aerial systems, cable television, and/or satellite television systems. Streaming television is a form of television that is delivered by cable, satellite television, or satellite TV systems. Streamers are not available in the U.S. for the first time.  Up until the 1990s, it was not thought possible that a television show could be squeezed into the limited telecommunication bandwidth of a copper telephone cable to provide a streaming service of acceptable quality. The first worldwide live-streaming event was a radio live broadcast of a baseball game between the Seattle Mariners and the New York Yankees streamed by ESPN SportsZone on September 5, 1995.  During the mid-2000s, the streaming media was based on UDP, whereas the basis of the majority of the Internet was HTTP and content delivery networks (CDNs) During the early 2000s, streaming media had been based on the use of UDP and CDNs.  In 2007, HTTP-based adaptive streaming was introduced by Move Networks. Move Networks introduced the adaptive streaming system in 2007. In 2010, Move Networks announced the first version of its adaptive streaming network was available to stream streamers in the U.S. It is now available in the UK.  This new technology would be a significant change for the industry. It would be the first time the technology has been developed in the U.S. industry has been used in a major way. The technology is expected to revolutionize the industry in the next few years. It could be a major change in the way the technology is being used in the future.  One year later the introduction of HTTP-based adaptive streaming was introduced. Many companies such as Microsoft and Netflix developed their streaming technology. One year after the introduction, many companies such a Netflix and Microsoft developed their stream technology, they were able to stream with their streaming system.  Apple launched HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) in 2009, and Adobe, in 2010, HTTP Dynamic Streaming in 2010. Apple launched Live Streaming in 2009 and Adobe launched HLS in 2010 and HDS in 2011. In 2010, Adobe launched a new streaming streaming service, HDS, in addition to Live Streaming.  HTTP-based adaptive streaming was chosen for important streaming events such as Roland Garros, Wimbledon, Vancouver and London Olympic Games, and many others. In addition, adaptive streaming is also used on premium on-demand services (Netflix, Amazon Instant Video, etc. etc.)  The increase in streaming services required a new standardization in 2012. Dynamic Adaptive Streaming, known as MPEG-DASH, was created by Apple, Netflix, Microsoft, and other companies. The standardization was created in 2012, with the contributions of Apple and Netflix.  The mid-2000s were the beginning of television programs becoming available via the Internet. TV shows were available via Internet access in the mid 2000s. The Internet was used to stream content from television programs such as iReport.substituted\u00a0http://://://www.report.com/mid2000s.  Online video platform site YouTube was launched in early 2005, allowing users to share illegally posted television programs. YouTube allows users to upload illegally posted videos to YouTube users. YouTube is now the world's most popular online video platform, YouTube.com, YouTube, iReport.com and YouTube.  YouTube co-founder Jawed Karim said the inspiration came from Janet Jackson's role in the 2004 Super Bowl incident, when her breast was exposed during her performance, and later from the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. Karim: The inspiration for YouTube first came from Jackson's Super Bowl performance.  Karim could not easily find video clips of either event online, which led to the idea of a video sharing site. Apple's iTunes service also began offering select television programs and series in 2005, available for download after direct payment. Karim: \"I'm happy to be able to find clips of both events online\"  TV networks and other independent services began creating sites where shows and programs could be streamed online. A few years later, television networks and others started creating sites that stream shows and shows. Television networks and independent services now have sites that allow people to watch shows and show shows online.  Amazon Prime Video began in the U.S. as Amazon Unbox in 2006, but did not launch worldwide until 2016. Prime Video was launched in the United States in 2006 and launched worldwide in 2016. Amazon's Prime Video is now available in the UK, Australia, Canada and Australia.  Netflix, a website originally created for DVD rentals and sales, began providing streaming content in 2007. Netflix was originally created to provide DVD rentals, sales and sales. Netflix is now streaming content for the first time in the U.S., the first major streaming service to do so.  In 2008 Hulu, owned by NBC and Fox, was launched, followed by tv.com in 2009. In 2009, TV.com was launched. Hulu is owned by Fox, NBC and CBS, and is now owned by both networks. Hulu was launched in 2008 and 2009, and TV is also owned by CBS.  The first generation Apple TV was released in 2007 and the first generation Roku streaming device was announced in 2008. Roku was also released in 2008 to compete with Apple TV and Apple TV. Roku is a streaming device similar to Apple TV, and Roku is also a streaming TV device. Digital media players also began to become available to the public during this time. Digital media players were also available for the public to use during the time of the first World War II. The U.S. government also introduced digital media players to the general public in order to improve the quality of digital media.  Smart TVs took over the television market after 2010 and continue to partner with new providers to bring streaming video to even more users. New generations of digital media players have continued to be updated and new generations released. Smart TVs continue to be popular with consumers and partners with new partners.  As of 2015, smart TVs are the only type of middle to high-end television being produced. Smart TVs are also the only types of middle-to-high-end televisions being produced in the U.S. as of 2015. Smart televisions are the first type of smart TVs to be produced.  Access to television programming has evolved from computer and television access to include mobile devices such as smartphones and tablet computers. Amazon Fire TV was not offered to the public until 2014. Amazon's version of a digital media player was not available until 2014, when Amazon's Fire TV launched.  Corresponding apps for mobile devices started to become available via app stores in 2008. They grew in popularity in the 2010s with the rapid deployment of LTE cellular network. Apps for mobile phones started to be available in 2008, but they have grown in popularity since then.  These mobile apps allow users to view provided streaming media on mobile devices which support them. Users can use the mobile apps to view streamed media on their mobile devices, such as smartphones, tablets and tablets. The apps are available to download and watch on mobile phones and tablets, and can be downloaded from iOS and Android.  In 2008, the International Academy of Web Television was formed in order to organize and support television actors, authors, executives, and producers in web series and streaming television. The Academy is headquartered in Los Angeles, California, and is based in the United States. It was founded in 2008.  The organization administers the selection of winners for the Streamy Awards. The Streamy Award winners are selected by the organization. The organization also administers a Streamy award winner for Streamy TV series and a TV personality. The streamy Awards winners are chosen by Streamy for the first time.  Los Angeles Web Series Festival was founded in 2009. The festival is based in Los Angeles, California, and runs from 2009 to 2012. It is the first ever Web Series festival to take part in the Los Angeles Internet Series Festival. It was founded by L.A. Web Series Series Festival in 2009, 2009.  Several festivals and award shows dedicated solely to web content have been dedicated to the web content. The Indie Series Awards and the Vancouver Web Series Festival are among those dedicated to web series. The Vancouver Web series Festival is one of the largest web series festivals in the world, with a number of web series awards.  In response to the shifting of the soap opera All My Children from broadcast to streaming television, a new category for \"Fantastic web-only series\" in the Daytime Emmy Awards was created. In 2013, a category was created in response to shifting the show to streaming TV.  Netflix made history by earning the first Primetime Emmy Award nominations for a streaming television series. Arrested Development, Hemlock Grove, and House of Cards were among the first to receive nominations for streaming TV series. Netflix also earned the first Emmy nominations for Arrested development, and\u00a0Hemlock Grove.  Hulu earned the first Emmy win for Outstanding Drama Series, for The Handmaid's Tale, at the 69th Primetime Emmy Awards. Hulu won the Emmy for the first time at the Emmys on Sunday night. The show is Hulu's first drama series to win an Emmy nomination.  Traditional cable and satellite television providers began to offer services such as Sling TV, owned by Dish Network, which was unveiled in January 2015. Traditional cable providers began offering services such a few months ago. Sling is a satellite TV service owned by the Dish Network and is owned by satellite networks.  DirecTV Stream, another satellite television provider launched their own streaming service in 2016. The service was launched by satellite TV provider DirecTA, which launched its own service in 2013. The company also launched a streaming service, DireCTV Stream in 2016, in addition to satellite TV streaming services.  Sky launched a similar streaming service in the UK called Now. Sky has also launched Now streaming services in the U.S. Sky already has a similar service in its UK, Sky Sports Now service, which launched in 2011. Sky also has a streaming service, Now.com, which is available now.  Video on demand website Netflix earned the first Primetime Emmy Award nominations for original streaming television at the 65th Primetime Emmys. Netflix was nominated for the first time at the Emmys in 2013. Netflix won the first Emmy Award nomination in 2013 for its original streaming TV series.  Three of its series, House of Cards, Arrested Development, and Hemlock Grove, earned nominations that year. Three of the series were nominated for best TV series in the U.S. The series was nominated for a total of four awards that year, including one for best series, \"House of Cards\"  Comcast announced an HBO plus broadcast TV package at a price discounted from basic broadband plus basic cable. In 2017, YouTube launched YouTube TV, a streaming service that allows users to watch live television programs from popular cable or network channels, and record shows to stream anywhere, anytime.  As of 2017, 28% of US adults cite streaming services as their main means for watching television. 61% of those ages 18 to 29 cite it as their primary method of watching TV. 28% say streaming services are their main way of watching television, and 61% say it is their main method for watching.  Netflix is the world's largest streaming TV network with 117 million paid subscribers. As of 2018, Netflix is also the largest Internet media and entertainment company by revenue and market cap. The company is also known as Netflix, the largest streaming television network in the world and the largest entertainment company in the U.S.  In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic had a strong impact in the television streaming business. The lifestyle changes such as staying at home and lockdowns were seen as a result of the pandemic. The streaming business will continue to grow in the coming years, with the rise in popularity of streaming services.  Hybrid Broadcast Broadband TV (HbbTV) consortium of industry companies (such as SES, Humax, Philips, and ANT Software) is promoting an open European standard for hybrid set-top boxes. BBC iPlayer originally incorporated peer-to-peer streaming, moved towards centralized distribution for their video streaming services.  BBC executive Anthony Rose cited network performance as an important factor in the decision. Consumers unhappy with their own network bandwidth being used for transmitting content to other viewers, he said. BBC also cited consumers being unhappy with the use of their own bandwidth to transmit content to the other viewers.  Samsung TV has also announced their plans to provide streaming options including 3D Video on Demand through their Explore 3D service. Samsung TV will also be able to stream 3D video on demand through Explore 3d. Samsung has already announced its plans for 3D content on its TV set-up.  Some streaming services incorporate digital rights management. Access control is a form of control over access to streaming services. Some services use streaming services to manage access to content content. Some of the streaming services use the system to control access to their content. The streaming service does not allow full access to all content content.  The W3C made the controversial decision to adopt Encrypted Media Extensions due in large part to motivations to provide copy protection for streaming content. Encrypted media Extensions are designed to protect streaming content from piracy. The encryption is encrypted to protect content from streaming content, but not all of the content.  Sky Go has software that is provided by Microsoft to prevent content being copied. BBC iPlayer makes use of a parental control system giving users the option to \"lock\" content, requiring a password to access it. Sky Go also uses software that prevents content from being copied by users.  The goal of these systems is to enable parents to keep children from viewing sexually themed, violent, or otherwise age-inappropriate material. The goal is to prevent children from watching sexually themed or violent material. These systems are designed to help parents control their children's viewing of sexually themed material.  Flagging systems can be used to warn a user that content may be certified or that it is intended for viewing post-watershed. Users can also be warned that content is not certified or intended to be viewed after the watershed. Flagging system is used to alert users to be aware of the content content is certified.  Users are asked for their dates of birth or age to verify if they are able to view certain content. Honour systems are also used where users are asked to verify their age or age. Users are also asked to confirm if they can access certain content using the system.  IPTV delivers television content using signals based on the Internet Protocol (IP), through the open, unmanaged Internet. The \"last-mile\" telecom company acting only as the Internet service provider (ISP) IPTV uses the Internet protocol (IP) to deliver television content.  \"Internet television\" is \"over-the-top technology\" (OTT) Internet TV is \"Internet TV\" is over the top technology. OTT is an acronym for Internet television, or \"over the-top\" technology, and means \"Internet\u00a0TV\" is\u00a0over the top\u00a0technological\u00a0technology.  Both IPTV and OTT use the Internet protocol over a packet-switched network to transmit data. IPTV operates in a closed system\u2014a dedicated, managed network controlled by the local cable, satellite, telephone, telephone or fiber-optic company. OTT uses the same Internet protocol as IPTV.  IPTV simply replaces traditional circuit switched analog or digital television channels with digital channels which happen to use packet-switched transmission. IPTV is the name of IPTV. IP TV is a form of digital television which uses a digital television channel to replace analog and digital TV channels.  In both the old and new systems, subscribers have set-top boxes or other customer-premises equipment that communicates directly over company-owned or dedicated leased lines with central-office servers. In both new and old systems, the new system communicates directly with company owned or leased lines.  Packets never travel over the public Internet, so the TV provider can guarantee enough local bandwidth for each customer's needs. The TV provider guarantees enough bandwidth for all of its customers to use the same bandwidth as the Internet. The service is free to use in the U.S. with no need for Internet access.  Internet protocol is a cheap way to enable two-way communication and simultaneously provide different data (e.g., TV-show files, email, Web browsing) to different customers. The Internet protocol allows users to communicate with each other via the Internet, e-mail, TV, email and Web.  This supports DVR-like features for time shifting television: for example, to catch up on a TV show that was broadcast hours or days ago, or to replay the current TV show from the current show from its current location. This supports time-shifting TV. ",
  "93": " The Data Encryption Standard (DES) is a symmetric-key algorithm for the encryption of digital data. DES is the symmetric key algorithm for digital data encryption. DES was designed by IBM in the 1980s and 1990s.DES is designed to encrypt digital data using symmetric encryption.  Although its short key length of 56 bits makes it too insecure for modern applications, it has been highly influential in the advancement of cryptography. The short key has a 56-bit key length, which is too short for modern\u00a0apparent\u00a0compromise\u00a0to be\u00a0securely\u00a0for modern applications.  The algorithm was submitted to the National Bureau of Standards (NBS) following the agency's invitation to propose a candidate for the protection of sensitive, unclassified electronic government data. It is based on an earlier design by Horst Feistel and was submitted by IBM in the 1970s.  In 1976, after consultation with the National Security Agency (NSA), the NBS selected a slightly modified version (strengthened against differential cryptanalysis, but weakened against brute-force attacks) The publication of an NSA-approved encryption standard led to its quick international adoption and widespread academic scrutiny.  Controversies arose from classified design elements, a relatively short key length of the symmetric-key block cipher design, and the involvement of the NSA. The NSA, raising suspicions about a backdoor, was involved in the design of the cipher, raising suspicion of a backdoor.  The S-boxes were designed by the NSA to remove a backdoor they secretly knew (differential cryptanalysis) They were designed to remove the backdoor they had secretly known. The NSA has been accused of using the S-Boxes to crack down on the backdoor backdoor they knew.  NSA ensured key size was drastically reduced so they could break the cipher by brute force attack. NSA also ensured that the key size of the cipher was reduced so that they could attack the cipher. However, the NSA also said that they would not be able to use the key to break the key.  The intense academic scrutiny the algorithm received over time led to the modern understanding of block ciphers and cryptanalysis. The intense scrutiny of the algorithm led to its creation of the modern cryptanalysis techniques. The algorithm was developed in the 1970s and 1980s and has been widely studied since then.  DES is insecure due to the relatively short 56-bit key size.DES is insecure because of the relatively small size. DES is secure due to a relatively short key size of 56-bits. DES key size is 56 bits. DES has a very short 56 bit key size.DES key size: 56bits.  In January 1999, distributed.net and the Electronic Frontier Foundation collaborated to publicly break a DES key in 22 hours and 15 minutes (see \u00a7 Chronology) The DES key was broken in a 22-hour and 15-minute public break. In December 1999, a key key was successfully broken by a keybreaking team of hackers. The key was used to break the key.  There are theoretical weaknesses in the cipher, although they are infeasible in practice. There are also some analytical results which demonstrate theoretical weaknesses. The cipher is also infeasable in practice, although some theoretical weaknesses are also theoretical weaknesses, such as theoretical weaknesses and weaknesses in theory.  Triple DES algorithm is believed to be practically secure in the form of Triple DES. There are theoretical attacks on theoretical attacks. The algorithm is said to be the most secure algorithm in the world, but is not nearly completely secure. Triple DES is a form of algorithm that can be attacked by a theoretical attack.  This cipher has been superseded by the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) This cipher was superseded in the 1980s and 1990s. The encryption standard has now been replaced by the new encryption standard, the Advanced encryption Standard (ASES) The AES cipher is now the most widely used encryption standard in the world.  DES has been withdrawn as a standard by the National Institute of Standards and Technology. Some documents distinguish between the DES standard and its algorithm, referring to the algorithm as the DEA (Data Encryption Algorithm) DES has also been withdrawn by the NIST. DES is the name of the DES algorithm.  DES was created in 1972 after a government-wide standard for encrypting unclassified, sensitive information. DES was developed by Mohamed Atalla, who developed the first hardware security module (HSM), the so-called \"Atalla Box\" which was commercialized in 1973.  It protected offline devices with a secure PIN generating key, and was a commercial success. It was the first time a PIN-generating key could be used to protect offline devices. The key was used to generate a PIN key to secure offline devices and protect them from other devices.  Banks and credit card companies were fearful that Atalla would dominate the market, which spurred the development of an international encryption standard. Atalla's encryption standard was developed in response to fears banks and card companies feared it would be a threat to the world's largest encryption market. The encryption standard is now an international standard.  Atalla was an early competitor to IBM in the banking market, and was cited as an influence by IBM employees who worked on the DES standard. Atalla worked on DES standard and was an influence to IBM employees. In the 1980s, Atalla competed with IBM in banking and was a competitor.  NBS solicited proposals for a cipher that would meet rigorous design criteria. The IBM 3624 later adopted a similar PIN verification system to the earlier Atalla system. The NSA later requested a similar design to the Atalla cipher. NBS later developed a similar system for the IBM 3625.  None of the submissions were suitable for use of this article. We are happy to return to the page you came from. Please submit a photo of yourself to the gallery for a gallery of your own. Please send a picture of yourself and your story to see if you are suitable for the gallery.  A second request was issued on 27 August 1974. The request was made for a second time in 1974. A third request was also issued in August 1974 for a further request for the release of a second request for a new film. The film was released in October 1974, but was not released that day.  IBM submitted a candidate which was deemed acceptable\u2014a cipher developed during the period 1973\u20131974 based on an earlier algorithm, Horst Feistel's Lucifer cipher. This time, IBM submitted an algorithm that was based on the Lucifer cipher, which was later deemed acceptable.  IBM involved in cipher design and analysis included Feistel, Walter Tuchman, Don Coppersmith, Alan Konheim, Carl Meyer, Mike Matyas, Roy Adler, Edna Grossman, Bill Notz, Lynn Smith, and Bryant Tuckerman.  On 17 March 1975, the proposed DES was published in the Federal Register. NSA's involvement in the design of the DES was revealed in March 1975. The DES was designed by the National Institute of Energy and Communications Security Services (NSA) NSA was involved in the DES design.  Public comments were requested, and in the following year two open workshops were held to discuss the proposed standard. The public was invited to comment on the proposed standards. Public comments have been requested, but the proposal has not yet been accepted. The proposed standard will be published in the UK and Australia respectively.  There was criticism received from public-key cryptography pioneers Martin Hellman and Whitfield Diffie, citing a shortened key length and mysterious \"S-boxes\" as evidence of improper interference from the NSA. There was also criticism of the NSA's use of S-boxes and shortened key lengths.  The suspicion was that the algorithm had been weakened by the intelligence agency so that they\u2014but no one else, could easily read encrypted messages. The suspicion is that they had weakened the algorithm so that no-one else, but not the government, could read the messages.  Alan Konheim (one of the designers of DES) commented, \"We sent the S-boxes off to Washington. We sent them off to D.C. The S-Boxes were designed by DES, DES and DES. DES was designed by the same company that created the first DES box design. DES is based in Washington, DC.  \"They came back and were all different,\" she says of her team-mates. They came back \"differently,\" she said. \"They were different. They were different, she said, and they came back different.\" She said, \"I was very proud of them, and I was very happy to be here\"  The United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence reviewed the NSA's actions to determine whether there had been any improper involvement. The U.S. Senate Select committee on intelligence reviewed the actions of the NSA to determine if there were any improper actions made by the NSA. The committee also reviewed the CIA's use of the surveillance system.  NSA convinced IBM that a reduced key size was sufficient. NSA indirectly assisted in the development of the S-box structures. DES algorithm was, to the best of their knowledge, free from any statistical or mathematical weakness. Committee wrote: \"DES algorithm was... free of any statistical, mathematical weakness\"  NSA did not tamper with the design of the algorithm in any way, it also found. NSA also found that the algorithm was not tampered with by any way with the algorithm. The algorithm was designed by the National Institute for National Security Security Services, it said. IBM invented and designed the algorithm, made all pertinent decisions regarding it. IBM concurred that the agreed upon key size was more than adequate for all commercial applications for which the DES was intended. DES was designed by IBM and designed by the company itself. DES is designed for commercial purposes only.  DES algorithm was developed entirely within IBM using IBMers. DES algorithm developed by IBMers, Walter Tuchman said. DES algorithms were developed by DES team members from IBM. The DES algorithm is based on IBM's DES algorithm, which was developed by the DES team.  The NSA did not dictate a single wire!\" the NSA says. The NSA didn't dictate the wire, says the president. The president says the NSA \"did not dictate\" the wire. The White House says the wire was not dictated by the NSA, but it was dictated by a wire.  In 1973 NBS solicited private industry for a data encryption standard (DES) In contrast, a declassified NSA book on cryptologic history states: In 1973, in contrast, in 1976, NBS sought industry support for DES encryption. In 1973 the NSA solicited industry for an encryption standard, DES. In 1976 the NSA requested industry support, DES was established by NBS.  The first offerings were disappointing, so NSA began working on its own algorithm. NSA is working on a new algorithm to improve the accuracy of its algorithms. The algorithm is now being used by the NSA to improve its accuracy of data from the public. NSA says the algorithm will be used to improve accuracy of the algorithm.  Walter Tuchman of IBM was working on a modification to Lucifer for general use. Howard Rosenblum, deputy director for research and engineering, discovered the modification. The modification is a modification of Lucifer that can be modified to general use, according to the IBM team.  NSA gave Tuchman a clearance and brought him in to work jointly with the Agency on his Lucifer modification. NSA gave him a clearance to work with the agency on the Lucifer modification, he says. NSA: \"Tuchman's Lucifer modification\" is a \"Lucifer modification\"  NSA worked closely with IBM to strengthen the algorithm against all except brute-force attacks. NSA also strengthened substitution tables, called S-boxes, to strengthen substitution tables. NSA and IBM worked closely together to strengthen algorithm against attack. NSA said the algorithm is now stronger against all attacks except brute force attacks.  NSA tried to convince IBM to reduce the length of the key from 64 bits to 48 bits. NSA also tried to persuade IBM to cut the key length from 64 bit to 48 bit. NSA said IBM agreed to reduce its key length to 64 bits, but IBM did not agree. Ultimately they compromised on a 56-bit key. The key is a 56 bit key. It is the first time the two sides have been able to work together in a long-term partnership. The two teams compromised on the key to get the key in order to get it together.  Some of the suspicions about hidden weaknesses in the S-boxes were allayed in 1990, with the discovery of differential cryptanalysis, a general method for breaking block ciphers. Eli Biham and Adi Shamir of Israel made the discovery and publication in 1990.  S-boxes of DES were much more resistant to the attack than if they had been chosen at random. IBM knew about the technique in the 1970s, strongly suggesting they knew about it in the 70s. DES was more resistant than if it had been selected at random, suggesting IBM knew of the technique.  This was indeed the case; in 1994, Don Coppersmith published some of the original design criteria for the S-boxes. The S-Boxes were designed by Don Coppermith in the early 1990s. In 1994, the S Boxes were published by Coppersmith.  IBM Watson researchers discovered differential cryptanalytic attacks in 1974. They were asked by the NSA to keep the technique secret. IBM Watson discovered the attack in 1974 and was asked to keep it secret. The NSA asked IBM Watson to keep its technique secret, according to Steven Levy.  Coppersmith: \"There was concern that such information in the public domain could adversely affect national security\" IBM's secrecy decision was made because \"differential cryptanalysis\" can be a very powerful tool, used against many schemes, and there was concern such information could adversely affected national security,\" he says.  Levy: \"We actually put a number on each one and locked them up in safes, because they were considered U.S. government classified\" Levy quotes Walter Tuchman: \"They asked us to stamp all our documents confidential\" Levy: \"[t]hey asked us [the government] to stamp them confidential\"  They said do it. They said they would do it. Do it. Do it? Do it! Do it. They did it. It's a good idea. Do you want to do it? Let's do it! Have you ever done it? Share your story with CNN iReport.  \"So I did it\", says the author of \"I did it\" \"I just did it,\" she says. \"I didn't want to let it slip up,\" she adds. \"It's a good thing for me to do what I want to do\", she says of her career.  Bruce Schneier: \"It took the academic community two decades to figure out that NSA 'tweaks' actually improved the security of DES\" Schneier says it took two decades for academic community to realize NSA \"tweak\" to improve DES security. Schneier notes that DES security was improved by NSA.  DES was approved as a federal standard in November 1976. DES was published in January 1977 as FIPS PUB 46, authorized for use on all unclassified data. DES is now a standard standard for the use of the algorithm. DES algorithm was published on 15 January 1977.  It was subsequently reaffirmed as the standard in 1983, 1988 (revised as FIPS-46-1), 1993 (FIPS 46-2) and again in 1999. The latter prescribing \"Triple DES\" (see below) was also reaffirmed in 1999 as the new standard.  DES was superseded by the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) on 26 May 2002. DES was finally superseded following a public competition. DES is now the most secure encryption encryption standard in the world, with DES being superseded in May 2002 by the new encryption standard.  FIPS 46-3 was officially withdrawn in 2005. NIST has approved Triple DES through 2030 for sensitive government information. The algorithm is also specified in ANSI X3.92 (Today X3 is known as INCITS and ANSI INCITS 92), NIST SP 800-67 and ISO/IEC 18033-3.  DES could be attacked very practically, and highlighted the need for a replacement algorithm. Another theoretical attack, linear cryptanalysis, was published in 1994, but it was the Electronic Frontier Foundation's DES cracker in 1998 that demonstrated that DES could attack very practically. DES is a new cryptographic algorithm.  These and other methods of cryptanalysis are discussed in more detail later in this article. These methods will be discussed in a more detailed article later in the article about cryptanalysis. The methods are discussed further in detail in the rest of the article. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 909090 or visit a local Samaritans branch, see www.samaritans.org.  DES is considered to have been a catalyst for the academic study of cryptography, particularly of methods to crack block ciphers. DES was introduced in the 1970s. DES has been considered a catalyst in the study of cryptology. DES is now considered to be one of the world's most successful cryptologists.  DES can be said to have \"jump-started\" the nonmilitary study and development of encryption algorithms. NIST retrospective about DES says DES \"jumpstarted\" non-military study. DES can also be used to study and develop encryption algorithms for nonmilitary purposes. DES has been used in more than 80% of the world's largest encryption algorithm.  In the 1970s there were very few cryptographers, except for those in military or intelligence organizations, and little academic study of cryptography. In the 1980s, cryptographers were only cryptographers in the military, intelligence organizations. In the 1960s, there were only a handful of cryptographers who studied cryptology.  There are now many active academic cryptologists, mathematics departments with strong programs in cryptography, and commercial information security companies and consultants. There are also many active cryptologists and mathematicians in the field of cryptology. There have also been successful cryptologists in mathematics departments and cryptologists.  A generation of cryptanalysts have cut its teeth analyzing (that is, trying to \"crack\") the DES algorithm. DES algorithm is designed to allow cryptanalyzers to crack the code. The DES algorithm was designed to solve the mystery of the algorithm's algorithm.  DES did more to galvanize the field of cryptanalysis than anything else, says cryptographer Bruce Schneier. DES was the first cryptographer to break into the world's most powerful cryptanalyzers. DES is credited with leading cryptographers in the world to develop cryptanalysis software that can be used in cryptanalysis.  \"Now there was an algorithm to study,\" she said. Now there was also an algorithm for her to study, she said. Now there is an algorithm that could be used to help her solve the mystery of the universe. She said, \"Now, there was a algorithm to... study\"  DES is the standard against which every symmetric key algorithm since has bee has been used. DES is a key algorithm that has been widely used in cryptography since the 1970s and 1980s. The DES is now the standard for symmetric encryption algorithms in the world, and is the basis for many of the world's most successful encryption algorithms. ",
  "94": " In quantum computing, a quantum algorithm is an algorithm which runs on a realistic model of quantum computation. The most commonly used model is the quantum circuit model of computation. A quantum algorithm can be used in quantum computing to solve problems such as quantum computing. The algorithm is often used to solve complex quantum computing problems.  A classical (or non-quantum) algorithm is a finite sequence of instructions or a step-by-step procedure for solving a problem. Each step or instruction can be performed on a classical computer. A classical algorithm is an algorithm where each step is performed on the classical computer, such as a classical algorithm.  A quantum algorithm is a step-by-step procedure, where each of the steps can be performed on a quantum computer. A quantum computer can be used to perform the steps of a quantum algorithm in a step by-step process. The algorithm is called quantum quantum algorithms.  The term quantum algorithm is usually used for those algorithms which seem inherently quantum, or use some essential feature of quantum computation such as quantum superposition or quantum entanglement. All classical algorithms can also be performed on a quantum computer,:\u200a126\u200a  the term quantum algorithms are usually used.  Problems which are undecidable using classical computers remain undicidable using quantum computers. Quantum computers are able to solve problems which are not solved by classical computers using quantum machines. Problems are solved by quantum computers, such as quantum computing, using a quantum machine or quantum computing to solve them.  quantum algorithms might be able to solve some problems faster than classical algorithms. They exploit quantum superposition and quantum entanglement that quantum algorithms exploit probably cannot be efficiently simulated on classical computers. Quantum supremacy means quantum algorithms can't be simulated on a classical computer (see Quantum supremacy)  The best-known algorithms are Shor's algorithm for factoring and Grover's algorithms for searching an unstructured database or an unordered list. The algorithms are also known for searching unordered lists or unordered databases. The algorithm is known as factoring, factoring or factoring algorithms.  Shor's algorithms runs much (almost exponentially) faster than the best-known classical algorithm for factoring, the general number field sieve. The algorithms runs almost exponentially faster than classical factoring algorithms. Shor is the inventor of the Shor algorithm, which is based in New York City, New York.  Grover's algorithm runs quadratically faster than the best possible classical algorithm for the same task, a linear search. Grover runs faster than classical algorithms for same task in linear search, a search of the same data set. The algorithm is called Grover, and Grover is a computer scientist in New York City.  Quantum algorithms are usually described by a quantum circuit which acts on some input qubits and terminates with a measurement. The algorithm is usually described in the commonly used circuit model of quantum computation, by a circuit that acts on a qubit and then acts on another qubit.  A quantum circuit consists of simple quantum gates which act on at most a fixed number of qubits. Quantum circuits are simple gates that act on qubits in a quantum circuit. They act on a single qubit at most of a quantum gate to control a quantum device.  A changing number of qubits implies non-unitary evolution. The qubits have to be fixed because they have to have a fixed number. A changing qubit has to have qubits fixed because a changing qubits imply non-initary evolution. A fixed qubit number would be fixed in the future.  Quantum algorithms may also be stated in other models of quantum computation, such as the Hamiltonian oracle model. Quantum algorithms can be categorized by the main techniques used by the algorithm. The main techniques of quantum algorithms are those of the algorithm's main techniques. The algorithm is based on the techniques used in quantum computing.  Some commonly used techniques/ideas in quantum algorithms include phase kick-back, phase estimation, the quantum Fourier transform, quantum walks, amplitude amplification and topological quantum field theory. Other ideas include phase walk-back and phase estimation and quantum walks. Some of the most commonly used quantum algorithms are phase kicks-back or phase estimation.  Quantum algorithms may also be grouped by the type of problem solved, for instance see the survey on quantum algorithms for algebraic problems. Quantum algorithms can be grouped into categories such as type of problems to be grouped in order to solve the same problem as solved by quantum algorithms.  The quantum Fourier transform is the quantum analogue of the discrete Fourier\u00a0transform. It is used in several quantum algorithms, including algorithms based on the transform. Algorithms based on it can be used in quantum algorithms such as the Fourier Fourier algorithm. The Fourier transforms is a quantum analogue to the discrete\u00a0Fourier transform.  The Hadamard transform is also an example of a quantum Fourier transform over an n-dimensional vector space over the field F2. It is also a quantum\u00a0Fourier\u00a0transform\u00a0over an\u00a0n-dimensional\u00a0 vector space. The transform is used to study quantum\u00a0quantum Fourier\u00a0transforms\u00a0over\u00a0an\u00a0narrowly\u00a0space.  Quantum Fourier transform can be efficiently implemented on a quantum computer using only a polynomial number of quantum gates. The quantum Fourier transforms can be implemented using only polynnomineal number of gates. It is possible to implement the transform with only a single quantum gate.  The Deutsch\u2013Jozsa algorithm solves a black-box problem which requires exponentially many queries to the black box for any deterministic classical computer, but can be done with one query by a quantum computer. The algorithm can be used to solve the problem with a single query.  When comparing bounded-error classical and quantum algorithms, there is no speedup since a classical probabilistic algorithm can solve the problem with a constant number of queries with a small probability of error. However, when comparing bounded error classical algorithms, the speedup is not possible.  The algorithm determines whether a function f is either constant (0 on all inputs or 1 on all input) or balanced (returns 1 for half of the input domain and 0 for the other half) The algorithm is based on the fact that f f is a constant or a balanced function.  Bernstein\u2013Vazirani algorithm is the first quantum algorithm that solves a problem more efficiently than the best known classical algorithm. The algorithm is first to solve a problem with a quantum problem that solves it more efficiently. It solves the same problem as the best-known classical algorithm in the world.  It was designed to create an oracle separation between BQP and BPP. It was created to create a separation between the BPP and BQQP. It is designed to be a separation of the two oracle systems. It has been used in the past for more than 30 years.  Simon's algorithm solves a black-box problem exponentially faster than any classical algorithm, including bounded error probabilistic algorithms. The algorithm solves the problem exponentially better than any other algorithm, such as bounded error algorithms. Simon's algorithms solve black-boxes faster than all other algorithms, including a bounded error algorithm.  Shor's algorithm achieves an exponential speedup over all classical algorithms that we consider efficient. This algorithm was the motivation for Shor\u2019s factoring algorithm. Shor is the founder of the company that developed the algorithm that speeds up factoring algorithms by exponential speedups.  The quantum phase estimation algorithm is used to determine the eigenphase of an eigenvector of a unitary gate given a quantum state. The eigen phase is determined by eigenvolence of a gate's eigen vector. The state is proportional to eigenvalue and access to the gate.  The algorithm is frequently used as a subroutine in other algorithms. It is often used in algorithms such as algorithms that can be used to solve complex problems. The algorithm was developed in the 1970s and 1980s. It has been widely used in computer science and computer science applications such as computer science.  Shor's algorithm solves the discrete logarithm problem and the integer factorization problem in polynomial time. The best known classical algorithms take super-polynomial time. Shor has solved the discrete factorization and integer factorizing problems in poynomial time, rather than superpolynomials.  These problems are not known to be in P or NP-complete. They are known to not be known to have been solved in NP or P. These problems have not been solved by a complete solution of these problems. The problems are known not to be solved in P\u00a0P or NP\u00a0complete\u00a0as well as NP\u00a0problems.  It is one of the few quantum algorithms that solves a non\u2013black-box problem in polynomial time. The best known classical algorithms run in super-polynomial time. It is also one of few quantum algorithm that solves non-black box problems in time.  Abelian hidden subgroup problem is a generalization of many problems that can be solved by a quantum computer. The abelian problem is generalized to other problems such as Simon's problem, Pell's equation, testing the principal ideal of a ring R and factoring.  There are efficient quantum algorithms known for the Abelian hidden subgroup problem. The problem is known as Abelian Hidden Subgroup Problem. There are many efficient algorithms known to solve the problem using algorithms such as quantum quantum algorithms. They are also known to be efficient in solving the problem of Abelian subgroups.  Hidden subgroup problems are a generalization of the previously mentioned problems and graph isomorphism and certain lattice problems. The more general hidden subgroup problem, where the group isn't necessarily abelian, is a generalized of the previous problems. Hidden subgroups are a more general problem.  Efficient quantum algorithms are known for certain non-abelian groups. They are known to be efficient quantum algorithms. They can be used to find efficient algorithms for certain groups of certain groups. For example, the algorithm is known to work on certain non'abelian group groups.  No efficient algorithms are known for the symmetric group, which would give an efficient algorithm for graph isomorphism and the dihedral group. However, no efficient algorithms have been found to solve certain lattice problems for certain lattices. No efficient algorithm is known for symmetric groups such as dihedral groups.  A Gauss sum is a type of exponential sum. Estimating Gauss sums is a form of an exponential sum that can be estimated. Estimation of Gauss Sums is difficult to do with a Gaussian sum of a Gauss\u00a0sum. Estimate GaussSum is an exponential\u00a0summer\u00a0with an exponential.  The best known classical algorithm for estimating these sums takes exponential time. It is known to take exponential time to estimate these sums. The best classical algorithm is based on the fact that these sums are known to be larger than the sum of a given sum. The algorithm is used to estimate the sums of these sums and estimate the sum.  Since the discrete logarithm problem reduces to Gauss sum estimation, an efficient classical algorithm for estimating Gauss sums would imply a classical algorithm. This is considered unlikely, since it is unlikely to be an efficient algorithm for computing discrete logarsimms, which reduces to an efficient method of computing Gauss Sums.  Quantum computers can estimate Gauss sums to polynomial precision in polynomic time. However, quantum computers can use polynometric time to estimate the Gauss sum. Quantum computers are able to make Gauss calculations to a certain degree of accuracy. They can also use quantum computers to make calculations in quantum computing.  We have an oracle consisting of n random Boolean functions mapping n-bit strings to a Boolean value. We use Fourier fishing and Fourier checking to solve problems of Fourier-Fourier-fourier problems. We also have a oracle with n random functions mapping to n-bits to a value of a value.  We are required to find n n-bit strings z1..., zn such that for the Hadamard-Fourier transform, at least 3/4 of the strings satisfy. We need to find at least 1/4 strings that satisfy at least three strings.  F is f (z (z) is 2) is a 2-2-2. F is a 1-2.2.5.5. F has a 2.5 degree radius of curvature. F (f) is 1.5 degrees wide. F (F) has a radius of 2 degrees.  This can be done in bounded-error quantum polynomial time (BQP) This is done using bounded error quantum poin polynometric time. This is also known as bounded error time (QQP), or bounded error polynomic time, or BQP.  Amplitude amplification is a technique that allows the amplification of a chosen subspace of a quantum state. Algorithms based on amplitude amplification are based on amplitude amplifications of quantum states. Algorithm algorithms based on Amplitude Amplitude amplifyations can be used in algorithms.  Applications of amplitude amplification usually lead to quadratic speedups over the corresponding classical algorithms. Amplitude Amplitude amplifications can be used to increase speedups in algorithms such as amplitude\u00a0amplitude\u00a0ambipolar\u00a0ambientumumplinary\u00a0ambitude\u00a0algorithm.  It can be considered to be a generalization of Grover's algorithm. It can also be considered an algorithm that can be generalized to the Grover algorithm. The algorithm can be used to solve complex problems in complex computing problems such as complex multiplication and complex\u00a0assignment.  Grover's algorithm searches an unstructured database (or an unordered list) with N entries, for a marked entry, using only N entries. The algorithm searches for an entry in the unordered database using only the N entries required classically. The algorithm uses N entries instead of the    grotesquely. (glyglyglyphic) queries required.  Questions are required even allowing bounded-error probabilistic algorithms. Quiziz is required even if bounded error algorithms are allowed to be used. The name of the query is O. O. (O. (N) or (P) or \"P) N)  Theorists have considered a hypothetical generalization of a standard quantum computer that could access the histories of the history of the hidden variables in Bohmian mechanics. Theoretists have also considered a theoretical generalization that could be a quantum computer. A quantum computer could be able to access Bohmians' histories of hidden variables.  Such a computer is completely hypothetical and would not be a standard quantum computer, or even possible under the standard theory of quantum mechanics. The computer would not even be able to run under the theory of the standard quantum mechanics, or under the quantum mechanics of quantum physics. Such a quantum computer is not standard quantum computers, but would be possible under quantum mechanics theory.  Such a hypothetical computer could implement a search of an N-item database at most in a hypothetical search of a hypothetical database. The search could be carried out in three steps, such as a search for an item in the database. Such a search could take place at most of the three steps.  This is slightly faster than Grover's algorithm. The algorithm is based on the steps taken by Grover in the search for Grover. Grover is faster than the algorithm used to solve the problem. This is the first time Grover has solved the problem with Grover algorithm.  Neither search method would allow either model of quantum computer to solve NP-complete problems in polynomial time. Instead, the search method is based on the model of a quantum computer. Neither method would be able to solve the problem in time of polynometric time.  Quantum counting solves a generalization of the search problem.Quantum counting solves the problem of a generalizing of search problems. Quantum counting is a form of a search problem that can be solved using a quantum leapfrog or quantum computing algorithm. The answer to the search problems is that quantum computing solves a problem of searching problems.  It solves the problem of counting the number of marked entries in an unordered list. Instead of just detecting if one exists, it detects if one is marked. It is the first time a list has been sorted into an ordered list with an orderable list. It has been used in the U.S. since 2003.  The list counts the number of marked entries in an element that is marked. The list is based on an element with an error rate of 1.5%. The error rate is 1.6% for the element with the error rate, with error rate at 1.7% for an element. ",
  "95": " In physics, the radiative efficiency limit is the maximum theoretical efficiency of a solar cell using a single p-n junction to collect power from the cell. The only loss mechanism is radiative recombination in the solar cell. It is also known as the detailed balance limit, Shockley\u2013Queisser limit or the Shockley Queisser Efficiency Limit.  First calculated by William Shockley and Hans-Joachim Queisser at Shockley Semiconductor in 1961, giving a maximum efficiency of 30% at 1.1 eV. It was first calculated by Shockley in 1961 and is now used in semiconductonductonductors.  The limit is one of the most fundamental to solar energy production with photovoltaic cells. This first calculation used the 6000K black-body spectrum as an approximation to the solar spectrum. The limit was calculated in the 1960s and 1970s. It was used to calculate how much solar energy could be produced by solar cells.  A back surface mirror increases the maximum solar conversion efficiency to 33.16% for a single-junction solar cell with a bandgap of 1.34 eV. Subsequent calculations have used measured global solar spectra, AM 1.5, and included a back-surface mirror.  Of all the power contained in sunlight (about 1000 W/m2) falling on an ideal solar cell, only 33.7% of that could ever be turned into electricity (337 W/ m2) of that power. That is, of all of the power that could be captured in sunlight falling on a solar cell.  The most popular solar cell material, silicon, has a less favorable band gap of 1.1 eV, resulting in a maximum efficiency of about 32%. The most efficient solar cells are made of silicon, not silicon, which has a band gap that has a maximum of 32% efficiency.  Modern commercial mono-crystalline solar cells produce about 24% conversion efficiency. Losses due largely to practical concerns like reflection off the front of the cell and light blockage from the thin wires on the cell surface. Modern commercial commercial mono crystal-crystal solar cells can be used to make solar power systems.  The Shockley\u2013Queisser limit only applies to conventional solar cells with a single p-n junction. Solar cells with multiple layers can (and do) outperform this limit, and so can solar thermal and other solar energy systems. Solar thermal and certain other solar systems can also outperform the limit.  For a multi-junction solar cell with an infinite number of layers, the corresponding limit is 68.7% for normal sunlight, or 86.8% using concentrated sunlight. In the extreme limit, the maximum solar cell efficiency can be reached by using concentrated light.  In a traditional solid-state semiconductor such as silicon, a solar cell is made from two doped crystals, one an n-type semiconductor, which has extra free electrons, and the other a p-type, which is lacking free electrons known as \"holes\"  Some of the electrons in the n-type portion will flow into the p-type to fill in the missing electrons. When placed in contact with each other, some electrons in each other flow into each other to fill the gap between the two types of electrons. Some electrons in both types will flow in to fill up the gap in the electrons.  Eventually enough will flow across the boundary to equalize the Fermi levels of the two materials. Eventually enough flow will flow into the material to equalise the levels of two materials, scientists say. The material is currently being tested in a lab in New York City, New York.  The result is a region at the interface, the p-n junction, where charge carriers are depleted on each side of the interface. The result of the junction is known as the p/n junction. The junction is also known as a junction junction where charges are depleted at each side.  Photons from the sun can be absorbed in the p-type side of the semiconductor, causing electrons in the valence band to be promoted in energy to the conduction band. This transfer of electrons produces a potential barrier of about 0.6 V to 0.7 V.  This process is known as photoexcitation. Photoexcitation is a form of light-sensitive photography. The process is also known as photexcitation, and is known to be a process of photoexciting. This process was used to create images of the human body in the dark.  electrons in the conduction band are free to move about the semiconductor. As the name implies, electrons in semiconductonductonductors are allowed to move freely about semiconductors. The semiconductor is a semiconductor that can be used in a wide range of semiconductor chips.  When a load is placed across the cell as a whole, electrons will flow from the p-type side into the n-type. They lose energy while moving through the external circuit, and then go back into the material where they can re-combine with the valence-band holes they left behind.  In this way, sunlight creates an electric current. The current is created by sunlight in this way of creating an electric charge. The electric current is formed by light rays in the light of the sun. The sun creates a current when sunlight shines in the way of light. In this case, the current is generated by sunlight.  The Shockley\u2013Queisser limit is calculated by examining the amount of electrical energy extracted per photon of incoming sunlight. The limit is based on the amount that an incoming light can extract electrical energy from the light of the Earth per photon. This limit is known as the Shockley-Queiser limit. It is also known as The Limit of Electrical Energy extracted from incoming light.  Any material that is not at absolute zero (0 Kelvin) emits electromagnetic radiation through the black-body radiation effect. There are several considerations: The black body radiation effect and the effect of the black body effect. Black body radiation is a form of electromagnetic radiation that emits electromagnetic electromagnetic radiation.  In a cell at room temperature, this represents approximately 7% of all the energy falling on the cell. In a room temperature cell, this amounts to approximately\u00a07% of energy falling\u00a0on the cell\u00a0at room temperature. This represents approximately\u00a0approximately\u00a0approximately 7%\u00a0of all the\u00a0energy falling on a cell.  Any energy lost in a cell is turned into heat, so any inefficiency in the cell increases the cell temperature when it is placed in sunlight. Any inefficiency increases the temperature of the cell when placed in the sun. Any cell temperature increases in sunlight when it's placed in sun.  As the temperature of the cell increases, the outgoing radiation and heat loss through conduction and convection also increase, until an equilibrium is reached. An equilibrium can be reached when the cell's temperature reaches an equilibrium with the radiation and conduction of heat loss of heat.  In practice, this equilibrium is normally reached at temperatures as high as 360 Kelvin. Cells normally operate at lower efficiencies than their room-temperature rating. Cell cells operate at a lower efficiency than the room temperature rating of room temperature. Cells operate at higher efficiencies at higher temperatures than room temperature levels. Module datasheets normally list this temperature dependency as TNOCT (NOCT - Nominal Operating Cell Temperature) The temperature dependency is based on the temperature of the cell's operating system. This temperature dependency means the cell temperature is dependent on the operating temperature of a module.  For a \"blackbody\" at normal temperatures, a very small part of this radiation is photons having energy greater than the band gap (wavelength less than about 1.1 microns for silicon) Part of these photons are generated by recombination of electrons and holes, which decreases the amount of current that could be generated otherwise.  Shockley and Queisser assume that the total rate of recombination when the voltage across the cell is zero (short circuit or no light) is proportional to the blackbody radiation Qc. This is a very small effect, but it is very important to consider.  This rate of recombination plays a negative role in the efficiency of the recombination process. The recombination rate is also a negative factor in efficiency of an efficient system. The efficiency of such recombination is dependent on recombination of recombinations and recombination rates in the process.  Shockley and Queisser calculate Qc to be 1700 photons per second per square centimetre for silicon at 300K. Shockley says Qc is 1700 photons a second per sq. centimetres for silicon in silicon. Qc can also be found in silicon at a silicon-freezing temperature.  Absorption of a photon creates an electron-hole pair, which could potentially contribute to the current. Recombination is a type of quantum-hole hole that could be used to create a new type of hole in the universe. It is the first time a hole has been found to be formed in a quantum crystal crystal.  The reverse process must also be possible, according to the principle of detailed balance. An electron and a hole can meet and recombine, emitting a photon. However, the reverse process is also possible, and an electron can also meet a hole and emit a photon in the process.  This process reduces the efficiency of the cell, reducing the efficiency. This process also reduces the effectiveness of a cell cell. The cell is made up of a mixture of cells, cells and cells. The process reduces efficiency of cells by reducing their efficiency, reducing efficiency of cell production.  Other recombination processes may also exist (see \"Other considerations\" below) But this one is absolutely required for the process to be successful. Other considerations may also be considered in consideration of the need for recombination of recombination to be effective. The process is called recombination by recombination process.  In the Shockley\u2013Queisser model, the recombination rate depends on the voltage across the cell but is the same whether or not there is light falling on the cell. The rate of recombination in the model depends on voltage across a cell. In the model, recombination rates are the same if light is falling on a cell, but if light falls on it, the rate increases.  The rate of recombination per unit area when V = 0 is 2tcQc/fc and thus depends on Qc, the flux of blackbody photons above the band-gap energy. A factor fc gives the ratio of the recombination that produces radiation to total recombination.  The factor of 2 was included on the assumption that radiation emitted by the cell goes in both directions. The factor was included because radiation emitted from a cell goes both sides of the cell and the cell is emitted from the cell in the opposite direction of a cell cell. The formula is based on the fact that the cell emits radiation from both sides. (This is actually debatable if a reflective surface is used on the shady side.) It's debatable whether reflective surfaces can be used on shady side of the road. A reflective surface can also be used to reflect light on the surface of reflective surfaces. The reflective surface has been used in some of the world's most reflective buildings.  When the voltage is non-zero, the concentrations of charge carriers (electrons and holes) change (see Shockley diode equation), and according to the authors the rate of recombination changes by a factor of exp(V/Vc), where Vc is the voltage equivalent of the temperature of the cell, or \"thermal voltage\"  The rate of recombination, in this model, is proportional to exp(V/Vc) times the blackbody radiation above the band-gap energy. The model is based on the fact that recombination occurs in the region of the model, rather than the amount of black body radiation.  The book is written in the form of a black body in a black cell. The book has been written by a group of experts from around the world. It is published in October 2013 and is available on Amazon.com for free.com/Charlotte.com. For more information on the book, visit the book's website.  A. C.C. is the first C. of the year and the second C. is a year. The first C is a \"C. C\u2019s\" of the C.A. list. The list includes a list of C.I.C, \"C,\" \"C\", \"C\" and \"C\u201d. C is the longest list of the longest-ever list of non-C\u2019A list of names. The longest-list includes \u201cC.I\u2019ve List\u201d, \u201cThe List\u2019,\u201d and \u201c\u201d lists of the highest-ranked non-political figures in the world. C ",
  "96": " In physics, power is the amount of energy transferred or converted per unit time. Power is a measurement of the energy transferred per unit of time in a given period of power. Power can be defined as energy transferred, converted or converted in a unit of power per time. In physics power is an energy transfer or conversion of energy.  In the International System of Units, the unit of power is the watt, equal to one joule per second. The unit is the power unit, or one watt, which is equal to a watt. In the I-UPUL system, a watt is one of the most powerful units in the world.  Power is sometimes called activity. In older works, power is sometimes seen as an act of power. In some works, it is sometimes referred to as activity. The word power is used to refer to the power of a person or power of an object or a person.  Power is a scalar quantity. Power is not only a quantity of power, it's also a quantity. Power is only a matter of power. Power will only be a matter matter of time. Power can only be measured in the context of a person's life. Power must be measured.  The power involved in moving a ground vehicle is the product of the aerodynamic drag plus traction force on the wheels, and the velocity of the vehicle. For example, power in moving vehicles is the result of the drag and traction force of the wheels on the vehicle, as well as the speed of vehicle.  Output power of a motor is the product of the torque that the motor generates and the angular velocity of its output shaft. The output power is a product of torque and angular velocity in the motor's output shafts. A motor motor is a motor that generates torque and accelerates at the same time.  The power dissipated in an electrical element of a circuit is the product of the current flowing through the element and of the voltage across the element. Power dissipated is a product of current flowing and voltage flowing through an element and the voltage flowing across an element. The power is dissipated by current flowing into the element of an electrical circuit.  Power is the rate with respect to time at which work is done; it is the time derivative of work: P is power, W is work, and t is time. The time derivative is the power of a person to do the most of their job in a given period of time.  We will show that the mechanical power generated by a force F on a body moving at the velocity v can be expressed as the product: \u00a0- If a constant force F is applied throughout a distance x, the work done is defined as  work done. We will now show that  the force generated by F is expressed as a product.  In this case, power can be written as: power. If instead the force is variable over a three-dimensional curve C, then the work is expressed in terms of the line integral. The formula is valid for any general situation, as well as the fundamental theorem of calculus.  The dimension of power is energy divided by time. The dimension is the power of time divided by the time. Power is a measurement of power by time and time. Time is a unit of power. The dimensions of power are power, energy, time, time and energy.  The unit of power is the watt (W), which is equal to one joule per second. In the International System of Units (SI) the unit is the Watt (W) The unit is a watt, which is the equivalent to a watt per second, or a watt.  One mechanical horsepower equals about 745.7 watts. Other common and traditional measures are horsepower (hp), comparing to the power of a horse. The horsepower equivalent to horsepower is 745 watts. A horse's horsepower equals a horse's power; horsepower equals seven45 watts per horse.  Other units of power include ergs per second (erg/s), foot-pounds per minute, ft/minute, dBm, calories per hour, BTU per hour (BTU/h) and tons of refrigeration. Other units are ergs/s, foot/pounds/minutes, calories/hour, and tons/h.  Burning coal releases more energy than detonating a kilogram of TNT. Because the TNT reaction releases energy more quickly, it delivers more power than the coal. Burning coal more quickly releases more power, but because the reaction releases more quickly it delivers power than that of the coal, more power is delivered.  The average power Pavg is the average amount of work done or energy converted per unit of time. It is given by the formula formula formula\u00a0formal\u00a0to find out how much work is done during a period of time of duration\u00a0Delta\u00a0t, and how much energy is converted per time.  Average power is often called \"power\" when the context makes it clear. Average power can be called \"Power\" when it is used in context of certain situations. The average power of a player is called \"average power\" by the context of the player's performance. The player's average power is said to be more than average power.  Instantaneous power is the limiting value of the average power as the time interval \u0394t approaches zero. The average power is a limiting value for the average average power of a given time interval. It is also the limit value for instantaneous power as it approaches zero in a time interval of time.  When power P is constant, the amount of work performed in time period t can be calculated as roughly as P. In the context of energy conversion, it is more customary to use the symbol E rather than W. It is used in energy conversion to indicate a power of E.  Power is the product of a force on an object and the object's velocity, or a torque on a shaft and the shaft's angular velocity. Power is a product of force on a force against an object, or force is the result of a torque from a shaft, or torque from an object. In particular, power is a force force that forces an object to a shaft to make it more powerful. Mechanical power is also described as the time derivative of work. Mechanical power is a form of time derivative work. It is also called mechanical power and mechanical power. It can be described as time derivative power or mechanical power, or the time of work, for example, in the form of power.  In mechanics, the work done by a force F on an object that travels along a curve C is given by the line integral: x defines the path C and v is the velocity along this path. The work is done by F on a force C on a curve is given in the form of a line integral.  If the force F is derivable from a potential (conservative) then applying the gradient theorem yields: A and B are the beginning and end of the path along which the work was done. If F is the negative of the gradient of the potential energy, it yields: F is a negative force.  Power is the product of torque and angular velocity in rotational systems. Power at any point along the curve C is the time derivative: The time derivative is the power at the point of C. In one dimension, this can be simplified to: The power is the result of the torque and velocity of a rotational system.  The  \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0   \u00a0\u00a0receive\u00a0scalar product\u00a0representation\u00a0of scalar product. The \u00a0researchers\u00a0represent scalar products\u00a0representative\u00a0products\u00a0and\u00a0representatives. The\u00a0reparatory\u00a0resembles\u00a0product\u00a0and represents scalar\u00a0productivity.  In fluid power systems such as hydraulic actuators, power is given by  where p is pressure in pascals or N/m2, and Q is volumetric flow rate in m3/s in SI units. Power is given in hydraulic power systems where pressure is\u00a0pascals\u00a0in pressure or N\u00a0m2. In hydraulic\u00a0actors\u00a0such\u00a0as hydraulic\u00a0actsors, hydraulic\u00a0actionsors\u00a0power is given  where pressure in pressure is in pressure.  If a mechanical system has no losses, input power must equal the output power. The input power is equal to equal the input power of the mechanical system. The mechanical advantage is a mechanical advantage. The advantage is an advantage in mechanical systems that have no losses. The loss of input power equals the power output.  This provides a simple formula for the mechanical advantage of the system. This provides an easy way to get a mechanical advantage in the design of a modern-day device. This formula is based on the fact that the system is more efficient and more efficient than a modern aircraft.  Let the input power to a device be a force FA acting on a point that moves with velocity vA and the output power is a force FB acting on the same point vB. The input power is the force FA acts on the point vA moving with the speed vA. The output power will be the force FB acts on a points that moves vB.  If there are no losses in the system, then the mechanical advantage of the system (output force per input force) is given. The relationship is similar for rotating systems, where TA and \u03c9A are the torque and angular velocity of the input and TB and TB are the force of the output.  These relations define the maximum performance of a device in terms of velocity ratios determined by its physical dimensions. If there are no losses in the system, then the mechanical advantage is maximized. If the system has no losses, then it can be found to have a mechanical advantage.  See for example gear ratios in gear ratios. See gear ratios for gear ratios. See for more information about gear ratios and gear ratios at www.gearfactory.com.com. See for details of gear ratios on gear ratios by hand.com/gearfrails.  P is the instantaneous power, measured in watts (joules per second) and the potential difference (or voltage drop) across the component. P is also the current through the component measured in amperes. The current through it is measured in volts (voltage to current) If the component is a resistor with time-invariant voltage to current ratio, then:  In the case of a periodic signal, like a train of identical pulses, the instantaneous power pulses are identical pulses. The instantaneous power is also a periodic function of period. Peak power and duty cycle is also the function of a duty cycle. The power of a power peak is a function of the duty cycle of period and duty cycles.  Peak power is simply defined by: The peak power is not always readily measurable, however, and the measurement of the average power is more commonly performed by an instrument. Peak power can be defined simply by: the peak power of a peak power. The measurement of an average power can also be measured by the\u00a0average\u00a0power of a person.  If one defines the energy per pulse as. The average power is. The energy is defined as the average power per pulse. One may define the pulse length as the length of the pulse. An average pulse length is the length that a pulse length can be measured by a length of one pulse.  These ratios are called the duty cycle of the pulse train. They are known as the duty cycles of pulse trains. The duty cycle is a cycle of a pulse train's duty cycle. It is also known as pulse trains' duty cycles. The pulse train has a duty cycle cycle of three times a year.  The power emitted by a source can be written as: \"Ruminator Power\" The power is related to intensity at a radius. The power intensity per area can be related to the intensity of a radius of a source or power per area. Power gain \u2013 for linear networks, two-port networks \u2013 is power gain for linear network networks. ",
  "97": " Content creation is the act of producing and sharing information or media content for specific audiences, particularly in digital contexts. Content creation involves producing and creating content for the purpose of sharing it with specific audiences. It is also known as \"content creation\" in the digital world, especially in digital media.  Content refers to \"something that is to be expressed through some medium, as speech, writing or any of various arts\" for self-expression, distribution, marketing and/or publication. According to Dictionary.com, content refers to something that is \"to be expressed\"  Content creation encompasses various activities including maintaining and updating web sites, blogging, article writing, photography, and photography, videography, online commentary, social media accounts, and editing and distribution of digital media. Content creation includes maintaining web sites and maintaining blogs, blogs, photography and videography.  Pew survey defined content creation as \"the material people contribute to the online world\" Content creation was defined as \"content creation\" in the survey conducted by Pew. Content creation is defined as the material people create online world, according to Pew. The survey was conducted by the Pew Institute of Digital Studies.  News organizations consistently create some of the most shared content on the Web. The New York Times, NPR, and CNN consistently create the best shared content. News organizations have a large and global reach like NPR, NPR and CNN, especially those with a large global reach. The most shared news stories on the web are from news organizations.  \"Mainstream media is the lifeblood of topical social media conversations in the UK,\" says a 2011 report from the Oxford School for the Study of Journalism and the Reuters Institute for the study of Journalism. Mainstream media has become a \"lifeblood\" of social media in Britain, according to the report.  Digital media has disrupted traditional news outlets. Many have adapted and have begun to produce content that is designed to function on the web and be shared on social media. The rise of digital media has led to the rise of social media and the use of digital technology to create content that can be shared online.  Twitter is a major distributor and aggregator of breaking news from various sources. The function and value of Twitter in the distribution of news is a frequent topic of discussion and research in journalism. Twitter's function in distributing breaking news is often a major topic of debate and research.  User-generated content, social media blogging and citizen journalism have changed the nature of news content in recent years. Social media blogging, citizen journalism and citizen reporting have also changed the way the media has been used in the past few years. The U.S. Census Bureau has released a list of the top 10 most interesting news stories in the world.  Narrative Science is now using artificial intelligence to produce news articles and interpret data. Narrative science is using the technology to create news articles, interpret data and create news stories. The company is now developing a new app that can be used to help people understand data and make news articles. The app is now being developed by a team in New York.  Academic institutions create content in the form of books, journal articles, white papers, and some forms of digital scholarship. Colleges, universities, and think tanks create content that supports a massive open online course (MOOC) The MOOC is a form of open online courses that support a massive online course.  Through an open data initiative, institutions may make raw data supporting their experiments or conclusions available on the Web. Institutions may make data supporting experiments and conclusions available for the public to access. Open data initiative aims to make open data available to the public for the first time.  Academic content may be gathered and made accessible to other academics or the public through publications, databases, libraries, and digital libraries. Academics may gather and make content accessible to others through publications and databases, databases and libraries. Academic content is collected by academics and the public, and is accessible by the public.  Academic content may be closed source or open access (OA) Content may be open source or closed-source (CSO) Academic content is published in academic journals such as Open Source (OCA) or closed source (CRIS) Academic material may not be published in OACA journals.  Closed-source content is only available to authorized users of this content. This content is closed-source only for authorized users or subscribers. Use this content to help us understand what we need to know about the issues we face in the U.S. Open Source. Back to Mail Online home.  An important journal or a scholarly database may be closed source, available only to students and faculty through the institution's library. For example, an important journal may be a closed source. An important database or journal may also be available only for faculty and students at the institution.  Open-access articles are open to the public, with the publication and distribution costs shouldered by the institution publishing the content. The publication costs should be the publisher of the articles, rather than the author of the content, which is open-accessed. Open access to the content is free in the UK and Australia.  Corporate content includes advertising and public relations content. Other types of content produced for profit includes white papers and sponsored research. Companies include companies that produce advertising, public relations and other types of material for profit. For more corporate content, visit CNN.com/corporate content.  Advertising can also include blocks of content generated by programs or bots for search engine optimization. Auto-generated content can also be used to generate search engine content for search engines. Advertisers can also use auto-generated or block content to optimize search engine results results.  Companies also create annual reports which are part of their company's workings. Annual reports are a detailed review of their financial year and a review of the financial year. Companies also report their annual financial year results to reflect on the company's work and its finances. Companies often report annual reports as a result of their annual work and financial year reviews.  This gives the stakeholders of the company insight into the company's current and future prospects and direction. This gives them the opportunity to work with the company in the future and future of their business. It also gives them insight into company's future prospects, direction and future direction. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 909090 or visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.  Cultural works, like music, movies, literature, and art, are also major forms of content. Artists and writers are major figures in the world of cultural works. Music, movies and literature are also a major form of content in the U.S. Culture is a major factor in culture, not just art or culture.  Examples include traditionally published books and e-books as well as self-published books, digital art, fanfiction, and fan art. Examples include self-publishing books, fan fiction, self-fiction, fan art, and digital art. examples include traditional published books, e-book, digital books, and self-released books.  Independent artists have found commercial success by making their work available on the Internet. Independent artists, including authors and musicians, have found success by posting their work online. Independent artist has found success with posting work online in the past using the Internet. Independent artists include authors, musicians, musicians and authors.  Through digitization, sunshine laws, open records laws and data collection, governments may make statistical, legal or regulatory information available on the Internet. Government may also make information available through sunshine laws and open records law. The Internet is a key part of the Internet's digital revolution.  National libraries and state archives turn historical documents, public records, and unique relics into online databases and exhibits. National libraries are turning historical documents and public records into databases. National archives turn public records and relics into databases, exhibits, online databases. Archives also turn public documents into online exhibits.  This has raised significant privacy issues. This is the latest in a series of privacy concerns in the U.S. national security breach of privacy laws. It is the first time the government has been involved in a major breach of the privacy of its own citizens' privacy. This has been the subject of a major privacy breach.  In 2012, The Journal News, a New York state paper, sparked outcry when it published an interactive map of the state's gun owner locations using legally obtained public records. The paper sparked outrage when it used public records to map gun owners' locations in New York State. Governments also create online or digital propaganda or misinformation to support domestic and international goals.Governments create online propaganda or propaganda to support international and domestic goals. Governments also create digital propaganda online to support their own goals, according to the report. The report was published by CNN.com/Heroes.  This can include astroturfing, or using media to create a false impression of mainstream belief or opinion. Governments can also use open content, such as public records and open data, in service of public health, educational and scientific goals such as crowdsourcing solutions to complex policy problems.  National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) joined asteroid mining company Planetary Resources to crowdsource the hunt for near-Earth objects. In 2013, NASA and Planetary Resources teamed up to search near-earth objects for asteroid mining objects using crowd-sourcing technology.  Technology transfer executive David Locke spoke of the \"untapped cognitive surplus that exists in the world\" which could be used to help develop NASA technology. The technology transfer executive spoke of NASA's crowdsourcing work in an interview with CNN's John Defterios. He said crowdsourcing could help NASA develop new technology.  Open records and open data have the potential to make governments more transparent and less corrupt. Open records could make governments transparent and make them less corrupt, says Julian Zelizer. Open data can also help make governments less corrupt and more transparent, he says. Open records can help make government more participatory, he adds.  The introduction of Web 2.0 made it possible for content consumers to be more involved in the generation and sharing of content. Users are now more likely to be involved in their content generation and share it with others. Users can now share their content via the social network of Facebook and Twitter.  With the advent of digital media, the amount of user generated content, as well as the age and class range of users, has increased. The amount of content generated by users has increased in digital media has also increased in recent years. The number of users in the world has increased over the last few years.  8.8% of Internet users are very active in content creation and consumption, according to the study. 8% of internet users use content creation, consumption of the Internet. The study found that 50% of the world's Internet users use the Internet to create content content.  One in four Internet users are significant content creators. Emerging markets lead the world in engagement, leading users in emerging markets in content creation. About one in four users in the world are content creators, according to CNN.com's iReport.com. The report was published by CNN iReport: Share your photos with us on iReport.  Research has also found that young adults of a higher socioeconomic background tend to create more content than those from lower socioeconomic backgrounds. Young adults of higher socioeconomic backgrounds tend to make more content content, according to research. Young people of a lower socioeconomic background are more likely to create content content than people of lower socio-economic backgrounds. 69% of American and European internet users are \"spectators,\" who consume but don't create online media. 69% of U.S. and Europe's internet users use the internet, but not create, social media. The majority of those who do consume online media are people who do not create it.  The ratio of content creators to the amount of content they generate is sometimes referred to as the 1% rule. The rule of thumb suggests that only 1% of a forum's users create nearly all of its content. The ratio is sometimes known as the \"1% rule\"  Motivations for creating new content may include the desire to gain new knowledge, the possibility of publicity, or simple altruism. Motive for creating content may be the desire for new knowledge or the chance to gain publicity or simply altruism. Motive may include gaining new knowledge of new knowledge.  Users may also create new content in order to bring about social reforms. Users can also create content to raise awareness of social issues in the U.S. Users can create content in the hope of bringing about social reform in the country. Users may create content for social media users to use the site to make changes to the law.  A 2011 study found minorities create content in order to connect with their communities online. However, researchers caution that context must be considered, and all users must participate throughout the process. The study found that minority users create content to connect to their communities through social media. The research was published in 2011 by the University of Columbia.  African-American users have been found to create content as a means of self-expression that was not previously available. African-Americans have created content that was previously not available in the U.S. African American users have found it easier to use to express themselves than in the past.  Media portrayals of minorities are sometimes inaccurate and stereotypical which affects the general perception of these minorities. Media portrayal of minorities is often inaccurate or stereotypical. It affects the public's perception of minorities and affects the perception of them as a person of the minority minority in the United States.  African-Americans respond to their portrayals digitally through the use of social media such as Twitter and Tumblr. African-American response to portrayals on social media is via Twitter, Tumblr and Instagram. The social media sites are used to respond to the portrayals of African Americans online.  The creation of Black Twitter has allowed a community to share their problems and ideas. Black Twitter allows people to post their problems on the internet and share their views on the issues they face. The social media site has been created by Black Twitter users from around the world. The site is now being used by more than 100,000 followers.  Teens now have greater access to content, content creating applications, and the ability to publish to different types of media, such as Facebook, Blogger, Instagram, DeviantArt, or Tumblr. Teens are now able to publish their content to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.  As of 2005, around 21 million teens used the internet and 57% of teens consider themselves content creators. Around 12 million teens, or 12 million of those teens, consider them content creators, according to the Pew Research report. Around 21 million teenagers use the internet as of 2005 and around 12 million use the web.  This proportion of media creation and sharing is higher than that of adults. Adults are more likely to use media to create and share media than children, according to social media experts. Adults also use more media creation than adults, says social media expert John Defterios. Adults use media more often than children to create, share and share more media.  With the advent of the Internet, teens have had more access to tools for sharing and creating content. Teens have been sharing photos and videos with friends and family members on social media platforms. Teenagers are sharing their photos, videos, videos and photos with friends, family members.  Increase in accessibility to technology, especially due to lower prices, has led to an increase in accessibility of content creation tools as well for teens. Teenagers can use the tools to create their own content content using the tools of the age of 16. The cost of the tools has also increased to $1,000 per person per hour.  Some teens use this to become content creators through online platforms like YouTube. Others use it to connect to friends through social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter. Some teens also use it as a way to connect with friends on social networks like Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. Some people use this as a tool to create content content on YouTube and social networks.  Anonymous and user-generated content presents both opportunities and challenges to Web users. The rise of anonymous content presents challenges and opportunities for Web users to use the Internet. Users will be able to use their content anonymously and anonymously. Users can use the anonymous content to improve quality of the content.  Blogging, self-publishing and other forms of content creation give more people access to larger audiences. Self-publish content creation is a way to get more people to reach a larger audience. Self publishing is a key part of the success of self publishing in the U.S.  This can also perpetuate rumors and lead to misinformation. However, this can also lead to rumors and leads to misinformation, it can also be wrong to say. This can be a good thing for people to say, but it's also a bad thing for them to say they're not always right.  It can make it more difficult to find quality content that meets users' information needs. It can also make it harder to get quality content to meet users' needs, experts say. It's difficult to make it easier to find content for users to meet their information needs, they say.  The feature of user-generated content and personalized recommendation algorithms of digital media also gives a rise to confirmation bias. The result of such bias is confirmation bias, according to the author of the book \"Confirmation Bias\" The book is published by Simon Cowell, a New York-based firm, on the website of the same name, and the book is available on Amazon.com.  Users may tend to seek out information that confirms their existing beliefs and ignore information that contradicts them. Users may also ignore information contradicting their beliefs, such as that it confirms their beliefs. Users tend to look for information confirming their beliefs rather than contradicting them, experts say.  This can lead to one-sided content that does not present a complete picture of an issue. This can also lead to unbalanced content that doesn't present a balanced picture of the issue, says CNN.com editor.com.com's John Defterios.com. Please submit your comments to iReport.com/report.  Quality of digital contents varies from traditional academic or published writing. The quality of digital content varies from academic writing to digital content. The quality is different from the quality of traditional academic writing, say experts. The world's best digital content can be found at the University of Cambridge University.  Digital media writing is often more engaging and accessible to a broader audience than academic writing. Academic writing is usually intended for a specialized audience. Digital media is more accessible to an audience that can be more engaging to a wider audience than in academic writing, especially in the digital media.  Digital media writers often use a conversational tone, personal anecdotes, and multimedia elements like images and videos to enhance the reader's experience. The author of this article uses these elements to help enhance the experience of a digital media writer. For more digital media writers, visit CNN.com/Heroes.  Digital media is necessary for professional (academic) communicators to reach an audience, as well as with connecting to scholars in their areas of expertise. The quality of digital contents is also influenced by capitalism and market-driven consumerism, according to the author. For example, the veteran anti-EU campaigner Farage's tweets in 2017\u20132018 used a lot of colloquial expressions and catchphrases to resonate the \u201ccommon sense\u201d with audiences.  Writers may have commercial interests that influence the content of this article. Writers may also have interests in the content they produce. Use this article to help people understand today's featured news stories in the U.S. Share your own stories with us on CNN iReport.com.  For example, a writer who is paid to promote a particular product or service may write articles that are biased in favor of that product. Even if a writer is paid for promoting a product, the articles could be biased. For example: A writer who promotes a product may write biased articles that favor that product, even though he is biased. ",
  "98": " Digital marketing is the component of marketing that uses the Internet and online-based digital technologies such as desktop computers, mobile phones, and other digital media and platforms to promote products and services. Digital marketing involves the use of the Internet, mobile and desktop computers to promote a product or service.  Its development during the 1990s and 2000s changed the way brands and businesses use technology for marketing. Its development was based on the concept of using technology to create a brand brand brand. The technology was developed in the early 1990s, 2000s and early 2000s. It has been used in more than 30,000 marketing campaigns worldwide.  Digital marketing campaigns have become prevalent, employing combinations of search engine optimization (SEO), search engine marketing (SEM), content marketing, influencer marketing, campaign marketing, data-driven marketing, e-commerce marketing, social media marketing, display advertising, and display advertising have become commonplace.  Digital marketing extends to non-Internet channels that provide digital media, such as television, mobile phones (SMS and MMS), callbacks, and on-hold mobile ringtones. Digital marketing also extends to television, phone calls, callbacks and ringtones, as well as television and mobile phones.  The extension to non-Internet channels differentiates digital marketing from online marketing. Digital marketing is differentiating between online marketing and digital marketing. The extension of digital marketing differentiates online marketing from digital marketing, it has been claimed. The extension differs from digital advertising to digital marketing.  Archie search engine was created in 1990 as an index for FTP sites. Archie was created as a search engine for FTP websites. Archie's search engine began in 1990. Archie is the first major search engine to have been created by Archie in the 1990s. Archie has been used in more than 30,000 searches since 1990.  The storage capacity of computers was already large enough to store huge volumes of customer information. In the 1980s, computers were already capable of storing large volumes of information. The technology revolutionized the way computers stored information was stored in data storage in the 80s and 90s.  Companies started choosing online techniques, such as database marketing, rather than limited list brokers, to use database marketing. Companies started using database marketing techniques, instead of limited list brokerages, to promote their products online. Companies are now using databases to target their target markets, not just list brokers.  Databases allowed companies to track customers' information more effectively, transforming the relationship between buyer and seller. Databases helped companies track customers\u2019 data more effectively. Databases enabled companies to use their databases to track their customers' data more easily. Databills helped companies find customers' real-estate agents, experts say.  In the 1990s, the term digital marketing was coined. Digital marketing is a form of marketing in the digital age of digital age. The term \"digital marketing\" was coined in the late 1990s and early 2000s. It is the first time digital marketing has been used in a digital age category.  Customer Relationship Management (CRM) applications became a significant factor in marketing technology. Server/client architecture and the popularity of personal computers have led to CRM applications. CRM is a form of marketing technology in the digital age of digital age. The development of server-server architecture and personal computers has led to the development of CRM software.  Fierce competition forced vendors to include more services in their software. Vendors include marketing, sales, and service applications for marketing and sales applications. The software is now being used in more than 1,000 million users worldwide, according to a recent survey. Software companies have been forced to incorporate more services into their products.  Marketers were also able to own online customer data through eCRM software after the Internet was born. The Internet was the first time marketers were able to have their own data on their customers' online customers. eCRMs software was developed in the 1980s and '90s, with the rise of the Internet.  The first clickable banner ad going live in 1994 was the \"You Will\" campaign by AT&T. Over the first four months of it going live, 44% of all people who saw it clicked on the ad. In the 2000s, with increasing numbers of Internet users and the birth of the iPhone, customers began searching for products online first.  Survey in 2000 in the United Kingdom found that most retailers still needed to register their own domain address. In 2000, a survey in the U.K. found that the majority of retailers still required a domain address to register themselves. In the UK, most people still needed a domain name to register online.  These problems encouraged marketers to find new ways to integrate digital technology into market development. These problems encourage marketers to look at digital technology in new ways of integrating digital technology with market development, such as the use of drones and drones in the field of drones to develop new products.  Marketing automation was developed in 2007 as a response to the ever-evolving marketing climate. In 2007, marketing automation was created as an attempt to combat the changing marketing climate in the U.S. Marketing automation has been developed as a result of an ever-changing marketing environment.  Marketing automation is the process by which software is used to automate conventional marketing processes. Software is often used to create a marketing automation system. Software can be used to develop a marketing system for a company or for a client or a client. Software automation is a process of automating a company's marketing process.  Marketing automation helped companies segment customers, launch multichannel marketing campaigns, and provide personalized information for customers based on their specific activities. It also helped companies launch multi-channel marketing campaigns and provide personal information to their customers, such as those who have engaged in specific activities in specific areas.  In this way, users' activity (or lack thereof) triggers a personal message that is customized to the user in their preferred platform. The message is personalized to users' preferred platform, such as Facebook and Twitter, and can be customized to suit them up to their preferred platforms.  Despite the benefits of marketing automation many companies are struggling to adopt it to their everyday uses correctly. Digital marketing became more sophisticated in the 2000s and 2010s, when the proliferation of devices' capable of accessing digital media led to sudden growth. However, despite the\u00a0benefits\u00a0of marketing automation companies are still struggling to use it correctly. Statistics produced in 2012 and 2013 showed that digital marketing was still growing. Digital marketing is still growing in the digital age of digital advertising and digital marketing. In 2013, digital marketing in the U.S. was the fastest growth in digital advertising in the world. In 2012, digital advertising was still the fastest growing market in the country, in 2013 and 2014.  With the development of social media in the 2000s, consumers became highly dependent on digital electronics in daily lives. Social media in 2000s such as LinkedIn, Facebook, YouTube and Twitter helped drive the growth of digital electronics. Consumers are now dependent on social media, such as Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.  Therefore, they expected a seamless user experience across different channels for searching product's information.Therefore, they were expected to be seamless user experiences across all channels. The company expects a seamless experience across the various channels for users to search product's product information. For more information, visit www.search.com/search.  The term \"Digital Marketing\" was coined in the 1990s. The change of customer behavior improved the diversification of marketing technology. Digital marketing is a form of marketing in the digital age of the age of digital age. The term 'Digital Marketing' has been used to refer to marketing technology in the past.  Digital marketing was formally known as and referred to as 'online marketing', 'internet marketing' or 'web marketing' Digital marketing is known as online marketing, internet marketing, or web marketing. Digital marketing has been known as web marketing, online marketing and web marketing for more than 30 years.  Worldwide digital marketing has become the most common used term and took off in the business industry, especially after the year 2013. Digital marketing is the most popular term in the world, especially in 2013. It is also the most commonly used term used in the marketing industry.  Digital media growth was estimated at 4.5 trillion online ads served annually with digital media spend at 48% growth in 2010. But in other countries like Italy, digital marketing is still known as web marketing. Digital media spend was estimated to be at a 48% increase in 2010.  Online Behavioural Advertising (OBA) raises concern of consumer privacy and data protection. Businesses employ OBA to tailor advertising for internet users. OBA raises concern for consumer privacy, data protection and data privacy. Business uses OBA as a tool to tailor adverts to suit users' interests.  Nonlinear marketing is a long-term marketing approach which builds on businesses collecting information about an Internet user's online activities. Unlike traditional marketing techniques, nonlinear digital marketing strategies are centered on reaching prospective customers across multiple online channels. Some studies indicate that consumer responses to traditional marketing approaches are becoming less predictable for businesses.  According to a 2018 study, nearly 90% of online consumers in the United States researched products and brands online before visiting the store or making a purchase. According to the study, the majority of online shoppers in the U.S. researched products online before buying them or buying them.  The Global Web Index estimated that in 2018, a little more than 50% of consumers researched products on social media. In 2018, the Global Web index estimates that in. 2018, in a little. More than 50 per cent of consumers searched for products using social media, the index says.  Businesses often rely on individuals portraying their products in a positive light on social media. They may adapt their marketing strategy to target people with large social media followings in order to generate such comments. Businesses may adapt to social media to target those with large followings.  In this manner, businesses can use consumers to advertise their products or services, decreasing the cost for the company. Businesses can use consumer advertising to increase the cost of advertising to their businesses. In this way, the company can use the public to advertise its products and services.  One of the key objectives of modern digital marketing is to raise brand awareness. Brand awareness is the extent to which customers and the general public are familiar with and recognize a particular brand. Digital marketing is the key to raising brand awareness in the digital age of digital age. For more information, visit www.brandaware.com.  Digital marketing is important in digital marketing, and marketing in general, because of its impact on brand perception and consumer decision-making. Enhancing brand awareness is important for digital marketing and digital marketing. For more information, visit http://www.cnn.com/digitalmarketing.com.  Brand awareness is considered to be a prerequisite of consumers\u2019 buying decision, as it represents the main factor for including a brand in the consideration set. Brand awareness, as one of the fundamental dimensions of brand equity, is often considered a prerequisite for consumers' buying decision. According to 2015 essay, \"Impact of Brand on Consumer Behavior\"  Brand awareness can also influence consumers\u2019 perceived risk assessment and their confidence in the purchase decision, due to familiarity with the brand and its characteristics. Brand awareness is also a key factor in consumers' confidence in buying a new product, according to experts at the University of Columbia University.  Businesses and digital marketers are prioritizing brand awareness, according to the report. Digital marketers are focusing more on their digital marketing efforts on cultivating brand recognition and recall than in previous years, the report says. Businesses are prioritising brand awareness and brand recognition, the study says.  81% of digital marketers have worked on enhancing brand recognition over the past year. 89% of B2B marketers now believe improving brand awareness to be more important than increasing sales. Increasing brand awareness is a focus of digital marketing strategy for a number of reasons including the growth of online shopping.  A survey by Statista projects 230.5 million people in the United States will use the internet to shop, compare, and buy products by 2021, up from 209.6 million in 2016. The internet will be used to compare and compare products by the end of the decade.  Salesforce found 87% of people began searches for products and brands on digital channels in 2018. Salesforce said 87% people began searching for brands and products online in the first year of the year. The company says 87% began searches on digital channel in 2018, with 87% starting searches on the internet.  The role of digital interaction in customer behavior is defined by digital interaction. The role is defined as a digital interaction between customers and their interactions. The company says it is working to improve customer satisfaction and customer satisfaction. The firm says it will focus on improving customer satisfaction in the long-term.  70% of all retail purchases made in the U.S. are influenced to some degree by an interaction with a brand online. It\u2019s estimated that 70% are influenced by some of their interactions with brands online. The most important part of your shopping experience is when you interact with an online retailer.  82% of online shoppers searching for services give preference to brands they know of. 82% say they prefer to shop for brands they are familiar with online shopping sites. The study found that 82% online shoppers prefer brands they're familiar with. The report also found that online shoppers are more likely to buy products from companies they know they can trust.  The use, convenience, and influence of social media has been on the rise in recent years. Social media is a formative part of the world's social media landscape. The social media world is changing rapidly, with the rise of the internet and social media in the past decade.  A recent report by Hootsuite estimated there were more than 3.4 billion active users on social media platforms, a 9% increase from 2018. More than 3 billion active social media users are expected to use social media in the coming years, according to a recent report.  A 2019 survey by The Manifest states that 74% of social media users follow brands on social sites. 96% of people who follow businesses also engage with those brands on those platforms, according to the survey. The Manifest also states that 96% who follow brands engage with them on social platforms.  According to Deloitte, one in three U.S. consumers are influenced by social media when buying a product. 47% of millennials factor their interaction with a brand on social when making a purchase, according to the report. Deloite: One in three American consumers influenced by their interaction on social media.  Digital marketing strategies may include the use of one or more online channels and techniques (omnichannel) to increase brand awareness among consumers. Online methods used to build brand awareness are often used in digital marketing strategies. Digital marketing is a form of marketing that aims to build a brand brand brand awareness.  Building brand awareness may involve such methods/tools as: Search engine optimization (SEO) or brand awareness tools. Building a brand brand awareness can involve such tools as: Brand awareness, brand awareness, search engine optimization and brand awareness. Search engine search engines may be used to help build brand awareness for a brand. ",
  "99": " The United States of America is a federal republic consisting of 50 states, a federal district (Washington, D.C., the capital city of the United States), five major territories, and various minor islands. The U.S. is one of the world's most populous countries.  States and the United States as a whole are each sovereign jurisdictions. Both states and the U.S. as a part of a sovereign jurisdiction. The United States is a sovereign state of origin, not a state or a state, and the states are sovereign sovereigns. The states are the only two sovereigns in the country.  The Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution allows states to exercise all powers of government not delegated to the federal government. States can exercise their own powers not to be delegated to federal government by the Tenth Amendment. The amendment was passed by the U.S. House of Representatives in 1996.  All states and their residents are represented in the federal Congress, a bicameral legislature consisting of the Senate and the House of Representatives. Each state has its own constitution and government, and all states are represented by Congress. The Senate and House are the only two houses in the United States.  Each state is represented by two senators, while representatives are distributed among the states in proportion to the most recent constitutionally mandated decennial census. Each state has two senators and two senators. Representatives are distributed to the states based on the census results of each state's most recent census.  Each state is entitled to select a number of electors to vote in the Electoral College, the body that elects the president of the United States. The electors are equal to the total of representatives and senators in Congress from each state. Each state has a total of electors, equal to a state's total of Representatives and Senators in Congress.  The federal district does not have representatives in the Senate, but has a non-voting delegate in the House. It is entitled to electors in the Electoral College. The district is also entitled to an electoral vote in the 2016 presidential election. It was elected to the Senate in 2008.  Congress can admit more states, but it cannot create a new state from territory of an existing state or merge two or more states into one without the consent of all states involved. Each new state is admitted on an equal footing with the existing states. The United States has control over 14 territories.  American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands do not have a permanent, nonmilitary population. The United States Minor Outlying Islands are nine of them. The islands are located in the United States of America.  With the exception of Navassa Island, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, all territories are located in the Pacific Ocean. All territories are in the Caribbean and the United States Virgin Islands. The U.N. territories are all located in Pacific Ocean with the exception to the Caribbean.  One territory, Palmyra Atoll, is considered to be incorporated, meaning the full body of the Constitution has been applied to it. The other territories are unincorporated, meaning they do not fully apply to them. The Constitution does not apply to the other territories.  The Minor Outlying Islands and American Samoa are considered to be unorganized, meaning they have not had an organic act enacted by Congress. The four other territories are organized, meaning a organic act has been enacted. American Samoa is considered unorganized by Congress, and the Minor Islands are considered an unorganized territory.  The five inhabited territories each have limited autonomy in addition to having territorial legislatures and governors. Residents cannot vote in federal elections, although all are represented by non-voting delegates in the House of Representatives. The territories are represented in the federal House, but residents are not allowed to vote.  The largest state by population is California, with a population of 39,538,223 people, while the smallest is Wyoming. The federal district has a larger population (689,545) than both Wyoming and Vermont. Wyoming has the smallest population of 576,851 people.  Alaska is the largest state by area, with 665,384 square miles (1,723,337 square kilometers) Rhode Island is the smallest, with Rhode Island the smallest by area. Alaska is Alaska's largest state, while Rhode Island's smallest is Rhode Island, with 1,545 square miles.  Alaska and Hawaii were admitted to the U.S. in 1959. The most recent states to be admitted were Hawaii and Alaska. Hawaii was admitted in 1959. Alaska and Alaska are the most recent to admit to the United States. Alaska was the first state to admit into the country in 1966.  Puerto Rico is the largest territory by population, with a population of 3,285,874 people (larger than 21 states) Northern Mariana Islands is the smallest, with 47,329 people. Puerto Rico has the largest population in the world, with the population of\u00a0Puerto Rico.  Puerto Rico is the largest territory by area by area, encompassing 5,325 square miles (13,791 square kilometers) The smallest territory, Kingman Reef, is 0.005 square mile (0.01 square kilometers); the smallest territory is 0,005 square miles.  The United States is one of the most populous countries in the world. The U.S. has the largest number of states and territories in the United States. It is also the largest country in North America and the largest city in the U.N. State of America. It has the smallest state in the country.  Creating New States: Theory and Practice of Secession. Secession is a form of state sovereignty in the U.S. State of the Union. The United States is now a state of the United States of Europe and South America. The U.N. is a member of the European Union of Europe, but the EU is a non-member state of Europe.  Ashgate Publishing, Ltd. ISBN 978075754671633. ISBN 1-1-2-3. ISBN 3-3-4. ISBN 4-3: 5-5.4.5.5: 5.3.5 (4-5:5.6.5)  State Resource Guides, from the Library of Congress, on USA.gov. State and Territorial Governments are on U.S.gov and on the State of the Union. State resources are available in the U.N.gov's online resource guides, which can be found at http://www.gov.gov/stateresource-givestories. "
}